ut dropping it.

After having thus attended to the boy�s safety so far as was possible,
the keeper turned all his attention to the work of so steering the
life-boat that she would strike the shore at the least dangerous point.

The huge lighter, on which could be seen indistinctly the forms of the
four men, was being driven rapidly toward the stranded steamer, and it
was not necessary one should have much experience in such matters to
understand that if she struck the wreck there was little hope the four
men could gain the shore alive.

If the crew had been on the cliff with the beach-apparatus, watching
others being swept down the coast in such fashion, it would not have
appeared to be a particularly dangerous position, because a line could
be fired across the wreck, or the surf-boat pulled to wheresoever the
lighter might come to grief.

Now, however, there was no one on shore to lend assistance, and, as a
matter of fact, every member of the crew was in extreme peril.

Benny watched his helpless comrades as he pulled at the oar while
awaiting the opportunity to lay hold of a life-preserver, and,
observing that he was not yet prepared for what lay before them,
Robbins asked sharply:

�Didn�t you hear what the keeper said?�

�Yes, sir; but I can�t reach one of the jackets without dropping my
oar.�

�Let it go, then! None of us are doing very much good now while the
wind has such a firm grip on us, and your strength won�t be missed.
This is the time when you must have your wits well about you, lad, and
it�s no easy matter to keep a clear head while floundering in the surf.�

�Is it certain we�ll all be thrown out?� Benny asked as he took up one
of the jackets and began adjusting it.

�There�s no help for it. If we�re lucky, it may be possible to get
the surf-boat afloat before that lumberin� lighter strikes; but I�m
doubtful as to our succeeding. In all my experience on this coast I
never before saw the life savers so completely knocked out as they
appear to be now.�

The four men on the unwieldy craft could be seen making such provisions
for their own safety as was possible under the circumstances. Just
abaft of where the windlass had stood was a narrow hatchway leading
to the shallow hold, and around the combing of this they ran a short
length of rope to form a life-line. It was a poor makeshift, but one on
which might depend the lives of four men.

In a single hurried glance Benny saw that Sam Hardy was stripping off
the greater portion of his clothing preparatory to the battle with the
surf, and that the others were peering ahead in the gloom as if trying
to decide at which point the lighter would take the land.

Meanwhile the life-boat had been racing toward the shore with
marvellous rapidity, flung forward by both wind and wave, and those
on board had no more than time in which to get a general view of the
surroundings before she was being tossed to and fro in the broken water
which extended a hundred yards or more from the coast-line.

�Stand ready, boys!� Tom Downey shouted, still doing his utmost to
guide the light craft by means of the steering-oar. �Leap clear if she
turns over! Robbins, have a care of Benny; but don�t try to do more
than keep his head above water till some of us can give you a lift!�

�Take hold of the back of my coat,� the surfman said to the lad an
instant after these orders had been given. �After I have jumped, do
your best to keep on my shoulders, and, above all, don�t lose your
courage. Surely we, whose business it is to save life in the surf,
should be able to go through yonder broken water alive.�

�Don�t pay any attention to me, Mr. Robbins,� Benny replied, trying his
best, and almost successfully, to speak in a firm tone. �You can save
yourself, and it ain�t fair to be bothered with me.�

There was no time in which to say anything more. Already was the
life-boat rising on the crest of a gigantic wave which promised to drop
her on the shoal twenty yards or more to seaward of low-water mark, and
all knew that the supreme moment had come.

Not until this instant did Tom Downey relinquish the steering-oar,
and the others, including Benny, mentally braced themselves for the
struggle which was close at hand.

Had the men been in the lighter surf-boat, the wave might have carried
them beyond reach of danger; but the larger craft struck the bottom
some distance from the shore, and it seemed to Benny as if the stern
was flung directly over the bow.

The upheaving of the boat threw him far out over the water before he
had time to leap, and ere Robbins had taken hold of him.

�Don�t lose your courage!�

These words which Robbins had spoken were ringing in the lad�s ears as
he was plunged head foremost into the boiling waters, and he strove
rather to keep his wits about him than to strike out for the shore.

He was conscious of coming in contact with the bottom, and then, as
he rose to the surface, of being drawn back forcibly by the undertow,
after which he threw his arms above his head lest he should be dashed
against a rock.

It seemed as if he was whirled to and fro violently, then flung
inshore, only to be dragged back again, and after that came a
bewildering, sickening sensation, until it seemed as if some heavy
object was pressing directly above him.

Involuntarily he clutched at it, and found a rope in his grasp.

An instant of confusion, and then he realized that he was floating by
the side of the life-boat.

The craft had righted itself after being up-ended, for, unless serious
damage had been done her hull, she would always swim in proper fashion,
and it so chanced the waves had carried her directly over the lad who,
by remaining passive in the surf, had done exactly that which was best
calculated to insure his safety.

�I won�t lose my courage!� Benny said stoutly, and his own words served
to animate him.

He hauled on the rope until finding that it was made fast inside the
craft, when, by exerting all his strength, it was possible to clamber
inboard, although by so doing the boat was filled to the gunwales with
water.

�With this jacket on, and in a life-boat, I can�t sink, and the only
fear is that I�ll be thrown against the rocks, the same as a life saver
whom Mr. Hardy knew,� Benny said to himself.

Then, clutching the thwart, the lad looked around him with the idea
that he might be able to render assistance to those of his companions
who had not succeeded in gaining a place of safety.

On the waves near at hand he could see nothing; but ashore was a small
group of men gazing toward him.

�Stand by for a line!� he heard Mr. Downey shout, and then all fear for
himself fled as he thought of those on the lighter.

�I am all right!� he cried at the full strength of his lungs. �I�ll
hold on here while you launch the surf-boat.�

He did not wait to hear the reply, but looked hurriedly around for the
lighter, and his breath came quick and fast as he saw the huge craft
almost upon him.

The wind was driving her down on a line with the stranded steamer, and
the life-boat, in her lee and sheltered from the gale, was being swept
by the undertow in the opposite direction.

Now he understood that there were other dangers than those of being
dashed against the rocks, and for an instant it seemed certain the end
had come.

He saw a human figure standing near the edge of the huge craft, and to
him he shouted wildly:

�Can�t you throw me a line?�

There was no time for a reply. Benny had hardly more than cried out
before the small boat was grating against the side of the hulk, and at
the same instant he who had been peering over the side leaped down.

The impetus given by the man�s body flung the life-boat to one side,
and in the merest fraction of time she was astern of the dangerous
fabric which swept onward, leaving a wake behind like that of a steamer.

�Is it you, No. 8?� a familiar voice cried, and Benny shouted in relief
and pleasure, for he knew Sam Hardy was with him once more.

�Where are the others?� he panted as Sam floundered to his side.

�Still on board the lighter; but I�m not allowin� there�s any great
danger for �em. It begins to look as if the clumsy hulk would clear
the stranded steamer, in which case they have only to hold on till the
surf-boat can be launched. Seein� the life-boat, I took the chances
of jumpin� so she wouldn�t be swept out to sea, for it would be queer
readin� if the Superintendent got a letter telling that we�d lost a
craft like her. How did you happen to be here alone?�

In the fewest possible words Benny explained what had happened, and
asked:

�How are we goin� to get ashore, Mr. Hardy?�

�That ain�t troublin� me so much just now as is the question of how
we�re goin� to keep her from bein� driven back against the cliff. So
far as I could see, all hands except you, got ashore without any very
great trouble, an� they�ll soon have the surf-boat over here. What we
must do is to keep off the rocks, an� that�ll be a reasonably hard job
with such a cargo of water as we�ve got aboard.�

�I can bail her.�

�As well try to dip up the ocean, for every wave is sweepin� over us
here in this broken water. We�re all right for a spell, an� there�s
nothin� to prevent our watchin� the others.�

Benny would have made an attempt to do whatever Sam Hardy might have
suggested, however wild or impossible, and now did his best at peering
through the gloom toward that dark mass which he knew was the lighter.

He could distinguish nothing on the shore; but the surfman, having had
more experience, declared that he could see quite plainly the forms of
their comrades.

�They don�t dare spend the time to go after the surf-boat, but will
trust to what they can do with ropes from the shore. The wreckers have
left enough gear behind to furnish each man with a life-line, and since
there�s no longer any danger the lighter will strike the steamer, it
won�t be a hard job to bring every fellow ashore. I�m still wonderin�
what made me jump when I saw the boat, Benny. It was a fool trick,
after yonder hulk had taken such a turn as showed she�d strike a sandy
bottom.�

�It was mighty lucky for me that you did come, sir.�

�Why, lad? I can�t do the first thing toward helpin� us out of this
plight, except by usin� the steerin�-oar when we�re nearer in shore,
an� you may as well have been alone.�

�I