ning when Tom Downey was to visit the city, all hands had
been awakened even earlier than usual, and the keeper set off a full
hour before Joe Cushing, who had the last trick at patrolling, came
into the building.

�It�s like to be a long day for us, lad,� Sam Hardy said as he entered
the kitchen where Benny was washing the breakfast dishes. �I�m thinkin�
you can�t be so very busy �twixt now an� eleven o�clock.�

�There�s nothing to be done around the house, so I counted on studying
the _Regulations_ for a while.�

�It won�t do you any harm to drop that kind of work for a spell; you
already know more of that precious book than any of us, except it may
be Tom Downey, an� there�s danger you�ll grow too wise in the work of
life-saving. What do you say to havin� a look at the wreckers? They are
gettin� well along with their job, an� I allow the tugs will make a try
at pullin� the steamer off when this tide rises.�

�I�d like to go if it would be all right to leave,� Benny said
thoughtfully, as he looked inquiringly at the cook, and the latter
replied to the unspoken question:

�There�s no reason why you shouldn�t have an outin�, lad. It�ll do you
solid good, for you�ve been shut up here too long. What about Fluff C.
Foster?�

�I wouldn�t like to take him with me, for it�s too cold on the rocks,
and where there are so many men at work he might get hurt.�

�Very well, leave him behind, an� I�ll answer for it that he comes to
no harm. Maje has given over all ideas of botherin� him, and, besides,
if you say the word, he sha�n�t be allowed to poke his pink nose out of
doors.�

Benny put on the pea-jacket which was large enough to serve him as an
overcoat, pulled the flaps of the sou�-wester over his ears, and, just
as the sun was coming up from behind the restless expanse of water, the
two set out, walking at full speed, for the cold was too intense to
admit of any pleasant lingering by the way.

When they arrived at the scene of the wrecking operations it appeared
very much to No. 8 as if Joe Cushing had made a mistake when he
declared that the steamer might be saved. To the lad she looked like a
hopeless wreck.

The sea had thrown her on her beam ends, and then forced her so high
up on the shoal that nearly half the bottom was exposed to view. The
bridge, a greater portion of both rails, and nearly everything on
deck was missing, while the wreckage along shore explained where the
top-hammer had gone.

�Been used rather rough, eh?� Hardy said as he and Benny stood on the
cliff where a full view of the wreck could be had.

�It doesn�t seem possible that they can get her off, or, even if that
might be done, that she would be fit for sea again.�

�In a mishap like this the worst of the mischief is all on the outside,
lad. Most likely her hull is as sound as ever, and it only remains to
get her afloat, when a little carpenter-work will finish the job. It�s
a pity the steamers couldn�t go alongside, for then she might be raised
in short order.�

The wrecking tugs were lying some distance off shore, and lighters
had been drifted down over the shoal to the steamer�s side. A large
number of men were at work making ready to break the cargo; others were
running out anchors to prevent her being driven any further ashore,
and yet another crew was gathering up the odds and ends which had been
driven ashore.

Half a dozen small boats were moving back and forth from the steamer
to the shore, and after surveying the scene from the cliff until the
chilling wind suggested a retreat, Sam Hardy said:

�It wouldn�t be a bad idea to go on board, lad. What do you say to
looking the old hooker over?�

�Do you think they�ll allow us on her, sir?�

�I reckon there won�t be any great row about it, lad. After what our
crew, an� especially you, have done, it would be odd if we should be
warned to keep off.�

Benny was eager for a nearer view of the steamer, and Sam led the way
down to the narrow beach where so much of heroism had been displayed.

�Hello, mates, will you take us off to the wreck?� Sam cried to four
men who were launching a surf-boat bearing the name of a well-known
wrecking tug.

�That we will, although I should think you might have seen enough
already of yonder steamer,� one of the party replied cheerily.

�We had too big a job on our hands to spend very much time in looking
her over; but it�s possible to take things easier this morning, an� I�d
like to see how badly she�s been punished,� Sam replied as he and Benny
stood by to take their places in the boat.

�She isn�t in bad shape, an� if the weather holds good we�ll soon have
her afloat,� he who was in charge of the boat said in a matter-of-fact
tone, and after they had put off he asked, nodding toward Benny:

�Is that lad a member of the crew?�

�Ay, that he is, an� one who don�t spend much idle time when we�re
pushed, as was the case when this steamer came ashore.�

�Where�s the boy who hauled the two sailors out of the water? The
steamer�s captain was tellin� about it.�

�This is the same identical lad,� Sam replied with a laugh.

�That little shaver couldn�t haul his own weight through such a surf
as was runnin� when yonder craft struck the shoal,� the man replied
decidedly, giving no more than a passing glance at Benny, who looked
even smaller than ever beneath the huge pea-jacket.

�But he did, matey, an,� what�s more, set about it in sailor-like
fashion, finishin� the job as quickly as you or I could have done it.�

Then Sam went into the details of the rescue effected by Benny, while
the lad kept his face turned seaward lest the men should see and laugh
at his blushes.

�Well, that beats me!� the sailor at the helm cried when Sam�s story
was come to an end. �A lad who can do such a trick as that while
everything is in confusion, as it must have been then, has good stuff
in him.�

�That�s what he has,� Sam replied proudly, �an� we put on a good many
airs because he belongs to our crew.�

From this moment Benny received far more attention than was altogether
agreeable to him. The crew of the surf-boat told those on board the
steamer that he was the lad who had displayed so much bravery and
sound common-sense when human lives were in danger, and every man
seemed eager to give him some word of praise, until the boy was so
uncomfortable in mind that he wished heartily he had never been tempted
to visit the wreck.

The workmen had more important matters to occupy their attention,
however, and after devoting a few moments to No. 8 they left him alone
with Sam Hardy, who said with a hearty laugh:

�You�ve made a big reputation for yourself, lad, and this summer, when
visitors come out to the station, as they do nearly every pleasant day,
we�ll be obliged to trot you and Fluff C. Foster out on parade as our
swell life savers.�

�Then I sha�n�t want to stay there. I wouldn�t have come over here if
I�d known the men would say so much.�

�Why, surely, you�re not ashamed of yesterday�s work, lad?�

�Not because I helped the men ashore; but it makes me feel mean to hear
people praising me for doing what any other fellow would have done. It
must be a pretty poor kind of a boy who couldn�t throw a rope out to a
drowning man, and I�d missed both of them if the wind hadn�t sent the
coils in a different direction from which I was aiming.�

�Well, Benjamin, allow it all to be as you�ve said, you�ll have to put
up with some praise for a spell, an� then folks will forget it, for in
this world a fellow can�t live very long on what he�s done in the past.
They�re takin� off the hatches now, an� I�m minded to have a look at
the hold of this �ere craft. Come on.�

Benny followed, but there was to him nothing particularly interesting
in the cargo, and as it could not be seen from the deck, he left Sam
and went aft, where he might watch the movements of the tugs as they
pulled the lighters here and there in such position that the wind and
current would send them down over the shoal to the wreck.

This last portion of the work soon engrossed the attention of all the
wrecking crew, including those who had been making an examination of
the steamer�s hold, for considerable difficulty was experienced in
moving the heavy lighters to and fro, and after a time Benny realized
that he and Sam were the only ones left aboard the steamer.

�We�ll be obliged to stay here till one of the boats is alongside,� he
said to himself, and then came the thought that he was spending too
much time in pleasuring when he should be attending to his regular
duties in the station kitchen.

�Perhaps Mr. Hardy will be ready to go now,� he said, running forward
toward the hatch where the surfman had last been seen.

The decks were deserted, and he saw no signs of life on the ship.
It was as if he had been abandoned, and but for the many craft near
at hand he might have had a very disagreeable sensation of utter
loneliness. As a matter of fact, something much like a shudder of fear
came over him with the first knowledge that he was alone; but he forced
it back with a laugh as he said aloud:

�If people could know that I�m almost afraid of being here, even though
there are an hundred men within hail, I wouldn�t need to bother my head
about being called a hero when I don�t deserve the name.�

As he ceased speaking an odd, indistinct murmur came from the dark
hold, causing him to step back toward the rail quickly; but he advanced
again an instant later, angry with himself for being such a coward.

Once more came that strange noise; but, half-expecting it, Benny held
his ground, determined to learn the cause, since, until Sam Hardy
should return, he had nothing better with which to occupy himself.

Leaning over the hatch he peered down into the darkness.

The space between decks was apparently empty, and he heard the water
gurgling far below in the lower hold.

�That must be what I heard,� he said, speaking aloud, and the words had
no more than been uttered when it seemed as if amid the gurgling noise
he could distinguish his own name.

�Ahoy!� he cried, smiling to think he should be so foolish as to answer
the water; but an instant later his face grew pale as he heard plainly
the words:

�Benny! Benny Foster!�

There was but one in the vicinity who would thus address him, and
although it seemed impossible Sam Hardy could be in that apparently
empty hold, he leaned far over as he shouted:

�Is that you, Mr. Hardy?�

�Ay, lad, come quick! I can�t hold out much longer!�

Now Benny was alarmed, and with good cause.

Leading down to the second deck was a single stanchion; the ladder had
been torn or carried away. Heeled over as the steamer was, this timber
stood at an inclination of forty-five degrees, and at its foot the deck
had about the same inclination in the opposite direction.

Benny waited only so long as was necessary in order to throw off his
pea-jacket, and then slipped down the stanchion, holding hard on
reaching the deck below lest he should slide to port.

Here all was darkness, save for the square of gray light that marked
the location of the hatch, and the lad tried in vain to pierce it with
his eyes in search for the surfman.

�Where are you, Mr. Hardy?� he cried falteringly. �I can�t make out
anything.�

�Hanging by a rope below the second hatchway. It swings so far to port
that I can�t pull myself up, and I don�t dare to drop for fear the
distance may be too great. Lean over and try to get hold of me, lad; I
only need a little aid, for it is possible to help myself a good bit.�

Now it was only necessary Benny should feel along the upper side of the
hatchway in order to find the rope by which the surfman was suspended,
and the first thought was that he could readily pull his comrade up.

With the deck at such an inclination he could get no secure foothold,
and the first attempt was sufficient to show him that the task was
beyond his strength.

�Can you wait till I go on the upper deck?� he asked anxiously. �There
are plenty of men close by; but all hands have left the steamer.�

�Go ahead, lad, but move quickly. I�ve hung here until it seems as if
my arms were pulled out of their sockets.�

Benny sought the stanchion by which he had descended, and, gaining it,
soon understood that he could no more work his way unaided to the top
than Hardy could swarm up the rope while it swung so far away from the
side of the vessel.

It seemed to him as if he had spent many minutes in the vain task, when
in reality no more than a dozen seconds had been sufficient in which
to prove that it was useless, and then he allowed himself to fall back
again toward where the rope was made fast.

�I can�t get up,� he cried in a tearful voice. �Suppose I lean way over
the hatch till you can get hold of my arms? The two of us should be
able to work it in that fashion.�

�I�d pull you down, lad; there�s no use in trying anything like that.
If it�s certain you can�t get on deck, I�ll take the chances of what
may be below, an� drop.�

�Don�t do it! Don�t do it! Let me try just once!� and without waiting
for a reply Benny bent far over the combing of the hatch, twining his
legs around the stanchion.

By letting himself down nearly at full length he found to his great joy
that he could touch the surfman�s shoulders.

�Now I�ll get hold, and you shall put your arms around my neck,� he
cried as if asking some great favor.

�Don�t try it, lad, for I�ll surely drag you down. It may be that I can
drop without much hurt, and even a broken bone to one, is better than
for us to fall together.�

�Try it!� Benny screamed, seizing Sam by the neck. �Get hold of me!�

The surfman had no alternative, unless the boy should loosen his hold,
and, letting go of the rope with one hand, he clasped the other around
Benny�s arms.

�Now get hold with the other, and then shin up! I can hold on here
quite a spell!�

Even now the heavy strain was beginning to tell upon the lad, and Sam
understood that if anything was to be accomplished it must be done in
the shortest possible space of time.

Wearied though he was by his previous vain exertions, he put forth all
his strength for the last effort, and in so doing knew full well he
inflicted grievous pain upon the little fellow who was ready to take
any chances in order to aid him.

With a firm hold of Benny�s body the surfman was enabled to climb
upward, and in a few seconds, which must have seemed to the boy like
ten times that number of minutes, he succeeded in clutching the combing
of the hatch.

Dragging himself over he seized No. 8�s legs, and none too soon, for
the boy�s strength was exhausted, and at the very instant Sam grasped
him he was forced to let go his hold.

A moment later the two were lying along the side of the hatch panting
for breath, but in no further danger of a fall, and some time elapsed
before the silence was broken.

Then Sam said, groping about in the darkness for Benny�s hands, and
holding them firmly as he spoke:

�It may be, lad, that I made all that trouble for nothing. It is
possible the cargo was within a few inches of my feet as I hung on
the rope; but that I couldn�t know, and it was the fear of shattering
a bone which caused me to hold on and yell for help. A surfman with
a broken leg might lose a whole season�s work, seein� �s the damage
wouldn�t have been done in line of duty.�

�It�s lucky I heard you. If all hands hadn�t left the steamer, perhaps
I shouldn�t have tried to find out where you had gone.�

�Do you know, lad, that you did a brave thing in takin� the chances of
my pullin� you into the hold with me?�

�I do hope you won�t make such talk, Mr. Hardy,� Benny cried
pleadingly. �I ain�t brave, for I was terribly frightened when that
queer noise came out of the hold.�

�I noticed that you kept on trying to find out what it was.�

�Yes, sir, because I�d been ashamed to have it said I was scared at a
noise.�

�Well, hark you, Benny, I won�t say anything more about your being a
little hero, although I may think so just the same, and in return you
shall keep quiet about this bit of trouble.�

�Don�t you want any one to know of it, sir?�

�Indeed, I don�t, No. 8. It wouldn�t sound very well if you should tell
that an old hand like Sam Hardy let himself into the hold of a wreck by
a rope which he couldn�t come back on. The boys never�d stop making fun
of me, an� more especially if it turns out that I was hangin� all that
time within two or three feet of the cargo. Now, is it a bargain that
both of us are to keep this �ere business a profound secret?�

�I�ll never tell, sir, though I can�t see that you have anything to be
ashamed of, for nobody would want to take such chances as might have
come. But how are we going to get out? While the steamer is heeled over
so badly I can�t climb up the stanchion.�

�We�ll hold on a spell, till you�re rested, and then I can give you a
lift up on my shoulder.�

�I�m ready to try now, sir. I wasn�t very tired--only for a minute or
two.�

�You�re a lad after my own heart, Benjamin, an� so long as I have a
dollar or a shelter, half of it belongs to you! Now then, get up on
my shoulder, an� once we�re on deck it�s the same as if this foolish
thing never happened, except when we two are alone.�

Benny scrambled up as Sam had directed, and then the surfman,
cautioning him to keep his knees stiff, lifted the lad straight above
his head until he could seize the hatch-combing.

Once on deck he let down a length of rope, and Sam Hardy was soon
released from his temporary prison.

�I reckon I�d better get back to the station right away, or I�ll be
getting into more mischief, like some youngster,� the surfman said
grimly as he shouted to the crew of a small boat at hand to take him
ashore.

The captain of one of the wrecking tugs came alongside at this moment,
and, seeing Sam, cried.

�Don�t be in a hurry, Hardy. I�m going to have a look at the cargo, and
you�d better go with me. It�ll be interesting to find out how well it
was stowed.�

�Do you know what she�s loaded with?�

�Pig-iron.�

�It won�t interest me to see it, and, besides, I�ve been down in the
hold quite a spell already.�

�How are things there?�

�To tell the truth, I didn�t see very much; I had business of my own
before I�d been there many minutes. You�ll need a lantern.�

Then Sam went over the rail into the boat which had come alongside to
take him off, Benny following close behind as a matter of course, and
when the two were on shore again the surfman said:

�It would have been odd if I�d dropped onto that metal without doing
myself some serious injury. There�s no longer any question, lad, but
that you pulled me out of a bad place.�

�I�m glad,� Benny replied emphatically.

�Accordin� to my way of thinkin� there�d be more reason for gladness if
I had never been such a bloomin� idiot as to go down there.�

�Perhaps so, sir; but, so long as you did, I�m glad I was the one who
pulled you out, for it�s likely to be the only chance I�ll ever have of
doing you a favor.�

�I�m not so certain of that, No. 8, if you stay around the station as
long as we�ll be glad to have you. In this life of ours there are many
times when a fellow�s mate can do very much toward savin� his life, an�
you�re just the kind of a comrade who can be depended upon to do pretty
near the right thing at the right time.�

Never since the morning when he first found himself in the life-saving
station had Benny felt so proud and happy as at this moment, and he
walked by Sam Hardy�s side unable to speak because of the great joy in
his heart.




CHAPTER XV.

LIVELY WORK.


When Sam Hardy and Benny returned to the life-saving station no mention
was made regarding the misadventure on board the wreck, although the
former described in detail to his comrades all he had seen on or around
the steamer.

Benny�s greatest fear was lest the cook might question him so closely
that it would become necessary to remain silent or betray the secret,
and then the crew would understand that the two had had some unpleasant
experience.

Fortunately, however, all hands applied to Sam for information, and
he was able to lead the conversation into some other channel whenever
anything was said regarding the hold of the steamer.

Then some sailors from one of the tugs came into the station, and the
crew no longer showed any desire to learn what Hardy and No. 8 had
seen, much to the relief of the latter.

Benny and Fluff spent several hours during the afternoon with the
lookout on the hill, and when Keeper Downey hove in sight the lad
walked slowly toward the station, whispering to the dog in his arms:

�It won�t do, Fluffy to rush right up the minute Mr. Downey gets back
and ask to see the uniform; but I do hope it won�t be very long before
he shows us what he has brought.�

By the time Benny arrived at the boat-house door the keeper was mooring
his dory, and a few moments later the lad saw him step ashore with a
package in his arms so large that it hid at least half of his body from
view.

�He has really brought the clothes, Fluffy, and it oughtn�t to be such
a dreadful while before we can look at them, because supper won�t be
ready for two hours, and he�ll have nothing else to do except show all
hands what the tailor has made.�

Benny was not kept long in suspense. As Tom Downey approached the
building he cried to the expectant lad:

�Come into the mess-room, No. 8; I�ve brought home all your finery, and
the crew will be wantin� to see how you look in the uniform.�

Benny answered the summons hastily, and Fluff ran at his heels barking
shrilly, as if he had some personal interest in that which the keeper
was carrying.

With the exception of Robbins, who was acting as lookout, every member
of the crew was awaiting Tom Downey�s arrival when he entered, looking
particularly cheerful.

�I�ve got all I went for, and a little besides,� he said, still holding
the package in his arms. �What�s more, I haven�t taken advantage of
you fellows by looking at the toggery. It was wrapped up when I got to
the tailor�s, and beyond the little he told me, I know no more about
what�s inside the paper than you do. Now I propose that Benny take this
bundle, go up-stairs, put on the uniform, and dazzle us all by suddenly
appearing as a full-fledged life-saver.�

�That�s the way to fix it!� Sam Hardy cried enthusiastically. �Get
along, No. 8, an� don�t spend too much time primpin�, for we�re achin�
to get a sight of you in brass buttons.�

Benny did as he was bidden, and a few moments after he had disappeared
up the stairway those below heard an exclamation of astonishment,
followed an instant later by the question:

�What�s that other thing, Mr. Downey?�

�The tailor said he�d put in something on his own account for Fluff.
Try it on and send him down.�

The crew were wholly at a loss to understand the meaning of this brief
conversation until the dog came down-stairs at full speed, yelping and
barking as if in the highest state of excitement and pleasure.

A roar of laughter burst from the men when the little fellow sat up on
his tail in the centre of the room, as if asking that he be admired.
Over his silken white hair was strapped a tiny, blue broadcloth
blanket, on the two rear corners of which was worked in white silk the
letters �L. S. S.,� so disposed as to form a fanciful monogram.

�Three cheers for No. 9!� Joe Cushing cried, and this was responded
to with such good-will that Fluff hurriedly ran back to his master,
thoroughly frightened by the noisy demonstration.

�Don�t he look great?� Benny cried, and Tom Downey replied with a laugh:

�Indeed he does, lad; but you needn�t stay up there admiring him, for
we�re more anxious to see your rig.�

Then, moving slowly and shyly, as if almost ashamed of his fine
feathers, Benny made his appearance on the stairs, and it was an
exclamation of genuine admiration with which he was greeted. The little
fellow looked manly in the neatly fitting suit of blue, bedecked with
brass buttons, and very proud withal, for, although he considered
himself a member of the crew, the fact had never seemed so real to him
as at this moment when he was attired as a life saver.

The deep crimson blood came into his cheeks as he stood before the men,
in obedience to orders, turning here and there as one or the other
dictated, and listening all the while to words of praise and genuine
admiration.

�It�s all right, No. 8,� Sam Hardy said at length. �I was almost afraid
that tailor might rig you out like a jumping-jack, with a lot of
folderols that had no place on a life saver�s uniform; but he�s gone
straight with the orders I gave him, an� the job couldn�t be improved
on.�

�Don�t forget that you�re to go into town with me when next I have
leave of absence,� Joe Cushing cried, and then some one called
attention to Fluff, who was sitting on the topmost step, still clad in
uniform, wagging his tail vigorously as if asking whether it would be
safe for him to venture down.

�Call your partner, No. 8, an� let�s see how the two of you look
together.�

During fully five minutes Benny and Fluff were forced to walk here or
there in order that the men might have good opportunity for seeing them
in all possible lights, and then Mr. Downey suggested that the lad show
himself in civilian�s garb.

No. 8 obeyed very readily, almost glad to escape from that atmosphere
of praise, and when he next appeared it was in a suit of clothes such
as any well-dressed boy ten or twelve years of age would be expected
to display.

[Illustration]

A blue blouse with a rolling collar, sailor-fashion, knickerbockers,
stockings, and a jacket of the same color, the clothing trimmed neatly
with white braid, made of him, as Dick Sawyer said, �a perfect little
gentleman.�

�You look best in whichever you happen to have on when you heave in
sight,� Sam Hardy said admiringly. �Ain�t it goin� to be quite a
come-down to get into your old pea-jacket an� sou�wester?�

�I�ll feel more like myself then,� Benny said emphatically. �It don�t
seem right for me to be dressed up so fine, and most likely it ain�t.�

�There�s nothin� too good for you, accordin� to my way of thinkin�, No.
8, so don�t get such queer ideas into your head. How does young Mr.
Foster feel about it?�

�Do you know, I believe he�s proud of his blanket? I tried to take it
off before we came down, and he growled terribly.�

�It�ll be a good thing for him when the weather is biting cold, an�
you�d better let him wear it a spell.�

Then Benny went up-stairs again in order to change his clothes once
more, preparatory to assisting the cook, and a stranger would have
found it difficult to decide whether the boy or the crew of men were
most pleased because of the new clothes.

During the four days which followed the arrival of the uniform, No. 8
was kept busily employed about the station, except during such times as
he went on patrol with Sam Hardy.

Because of the wreckers in the vicinity, and the many visitors who
came to see the stranded steamer, it seemed as if the buildings were
thronged with strangers during the greater portion of each day, and
when the lad was not at work in the kitchen, he found quite as much as
he could conveniently do in �cleaning up� after the careless ones, who
appeared to think it would make little difference to a �crew of men� if
a greater or less amount of mud or snow was brought in on the cleanly
scrubbed floors.

�If the steamer ain�t hauled off mighty soon, No. 8 will wear himself
down to skin an� bone, trying to make the place look tidy,� Dick Sawyer
said after a party of slovenly visitors had taken their departure. �It
makes me tired to see him running around from mornin� till night with
a swab in his hands, an� ten minutes after he�s scrubbed every board
clean, a fresh layer of dirt is brought in.�

�He�ll get a rest by to-morrow, I�m thinking,� Joe Cushing replied,
�an� it wouldn�t surprise me such a terrible sight if all the wreckers�
work was undone before twenty-four hours go by.�

�We may get a little blow from the eastward, but I ain�t countin�
on anything that can be called a storm,� Dick said carelessly as he
followed No. 8 into the oil-room.

Before night had come there were many in and around the station who
shared Joe Cushing�s opinion as to the weather.

Everything about the wreck was made as snug as possible; extra hawsers
were run out, the hatches battened down, and the lighters anchored in
deep water.

Instead of lying off the cove when the day�s work was done, the tugs
ran over to the city, and all the small boats were hauled up beyond
reach of the waves.

Sam Hardy was the first to go on patrol this night, and, as a matter
of course, Benny accompanied him, for since the affair in the hold of
the steamer the surfman had appeared more than usually eager for the
companionship of his young comrade.

�We�re gettin� the fat of the work this night,� Hardy said as the two
left the building.

�What do you mean by that? Ain�t we going to stay out the full four
hours?�

�Indeed we are, lad; but the wind won�t get up much before midnight,
an� when it does come I�m thinkin� it will bring rain.�

�Then you believe as Mr. Cushing does?�

�I�m not lookin�, as Joe is, for anything very heavy, but allow it
won�t be pleasant for the patrol who comes after us.�

Save that the wind was blowing freshly, Benny saw no indications of a
storm, and whatever might have been the appearance of the sky, it would
have had no meaning for him after Sam Hardy delivered his opinion.

Their beat led them past where the stranded steamer lay, now
considerably more than half unloaded, and at this point a long halt was
made.

As yet the surf had not risen, although the wind had been steadily
increasing in force since sunset, and the lighters rose and fell on the
gentle swell with but little tugging at their cables. White foam around
the wreck told that the rising tide was churning against her sides; but
with no more force than while the wreckers had been at work.

To Benny, particularly after hearing Hardy�s opinion, there was no
reason for the life savers to feel disturbed in mind, and, when the
tour of duty having come to an end, he returned to the station, it was
with the belief that the repose of the crew would be undisturbed.

He was exceedingly tired, as he had been every night since the stranded
steamer attracted so many visitors, and went to bed immediately after
entering the building, failing to observe what at another time might
have drawn his attention--that every member of the crew yet remained in
the mess-room as if anticipating a sudden call to duty.

It seemed to him that he must have been asleep several hours when
Fluff�s shrill barking aroused him, and, sitting bolt upright in bed
he observed, much to his surprise, that none of the men, with the
exception of the cook, who regularly retired at an early hour, had been
in the sleeping-room.

[Illustration]

Covering Fluff�s mouth to still his barking, Benny listened.

It was evident Joe Cushing had just come in from patrol, and was making
a report of rather an alarming nature.

�In addition to the laboring of the steamer, one of the lighters
appears to be dragging anchor, and if she sweeps down upon the
stranded craft there�ll be no more work for the wreckers.�

Benny was out of bed in an instant, for he knew that the crew would
set about repairing the mischief without delay, and it was not his
intention to be left behind.

[Illustration]

Dressing hurriedly, he descended the stairs just as the men were
putting on their oiled clothing, and without comment he began following
their example.

�Hello, No. 8, what are you about?� the keeper asked.

�Ain�t the crew going out, sir?�

�Yes; but not on what you might call life-saving work. It�s only a
�longshore job of caring for lighters, with more hard work than glory
in it. We may be knocking around from one of those tubs to the other
until daylight, and it�ll be wiser for you to stay under cover.�

Benny immediately removed the coat he had put on; but it could readily
be seen that he was sorely disappointed at thus being advised to remain
in the station, for advice from the keeper was to him nothing less than
a positive command.

�It�ll grieve him mightily to be here while we�re at work,� Sam Hardy
whispered to Mr. Downey, and the latter replied:

�It�s easier for him to feel sorry than to be knocking around with us
all night, for I�m thinkin� this is a job that ain�t soon to be ended.�

�It won�t be as hard for him as to stay here with the cook. No. 8 ain�t
a lad who�s afraid of work, as he�s shown us every day since he came.�

Tom Downey hesitated a moment, and then said slowly, as does one who is
not certain that he speaks wisely:

�If you had rather take the chances with us, when we�re setting out to
do nothing more than get a lot of scows into shape, come along, Benny.
It was only in order to save you a long spell of hard work that I
proposed you should stay behind.�

�If it don�t make any difference to you, sir, I�d much rather go,�
Benny replied in a low tone. �It wouldn�t seem that I really was No. 8
if the crew went away without me.�

�Get into your oil-skins, since you�re so greedy for hard work, lad,
an� we�ll start. You�ll see this night the dullest piece of drudgery
that life savers were ever put to.�

Benny�s face was actually aglow with pleasure when this permission
had been given, and before the foremost of the crew could leave the
mess-room he was clad in his oiled clothing, eager to share whatever
might be the portion of his comrades.

To the boy�s delight, the life-boat was to be used for the work. He had
never been on board of her, and it would indeed have seemed hard had
this opportunity been denied him.

Not until the buoyant craft had been pulled out beyond the point did
No. 8 realize that in his weather predictions Sam Hardy had made a
failure. The wind was blowing freshly from the northeast, the rain was
falling, and the waves had risen until the heavy boat was flung about
like a cork.

The crew plied their oars in silence; all evidently looked upon the
work of securing the lighters in exactly the same light as did Tom
Downey--as drudgery,--and there was nothing to animate them. If a
vessel with a crew on board had been in distress, each man would have
been on the alert and eager, straining every muscle without thought of
fatigue, instead of which they were now dispirited.

Not until they were within fifty yards of the lighter which lay nearest
the point, could Benny distinguish any object on the rolling waters,
and then he began to understand how difficult a task had the crew taken
upon themselves.

The huge fabrics, hardly more than scows, were wallowing in the waves,
sending up great clouds of spray when the seas broke with a noise
like thunder under the square bows or sterns, and the lad, ignorant
though he was regarding such work, knew full well that it would be more
difficult to board one of the hulks than to clamber over the rail of an
ordinary wreck.

The order was given to �cease rowing,� and as the oars were held firmly
in the water to prevent the life-boat from being blown at the mercy
of the wind, Keeper Downey studied how he might best accomplish the
difficult task.

�They are all dragging their anchors,� he said after a brief silence.

�Yes, and would in this shallow water, no matter what weight of metal
they had out,� Dick Sawyer grumbled. �If the wreckers are willing to
leave their hulks on such a shore as this, without so much as a single
man aboard, it would serve them right to lose the whole boiling.�

�We�ve got to board that lighter!� Downey finally exclaimed, giving no
heed to Dick�s grumbling. �It won�t be a nice job, boys, but must be
done, else those hulks will be driven down upon the steamer. Stand by,
1, 2, 4, and 5,� he added, designating the men by their numbers.

No protest was made, although the life savers knew they were ordered to
far more dangerous work than would be theirs if human lives were to be
wrested from the waters.

The men referred to hauled in their oars, and the remainder of the
crew, Benny doing his best with the heavy implement Sam had been
wielding, worked the life-boat around until she was to leeward of the
lighter.

�Jump when I give the word, and then slack away on the cables. Look
around for spare anchors! If any be found, heave them out; but remember
that you must work lively! Are you ready? jump!�

The four men leaped as one, and the life-boat was hurled back by the
impetus until a dozen yards of water tumbled between her and the
lighter.

A long sigh of relief escaped from Benny�s lips as he saw that his
comrades had gained a safe footing on the rolling, pitching hulk, and
then it was necessary that he give his undivided attention to working
the oar, lest the waves should wrest it from his grasp.

Downey�s purpose was to keep the life-boat under the lee of the
lighter to lessen the labor of his men, and even this was an extremely
difficult matter, for the sea increased in violence momentarily, while
there were but three men and a boy at the oars.

Hardy, Cushing, Sawyer, and Henderson were the men detailed for the
work of securing the heavy hulk, and there were none among the crew
stronger or more able to perform the task, yet it was soon seen that
they were working at a great disadvantage owing to lack of numbers.

�There are no spare anchors here!� Hardy cried out after he had been on
board the unwieldy craft ten minutes or more. �There�s only an apology
for a windlass, an� I question if it won�t go by the board before many
hours.�

�Give her more scope, for it�s all we can do, and get on board again
smartly; the lighter nearest inshore is dragging badly,� Downey shouted
in reply.

As was afterward learned, the men had but just loosened the carelessly
laid turns from the shaky windlass when a huge sea lifted the stern of
the lighter high in the air, and, passing forward, allowed the heavy
after part to drop into the trough of the sea with a snap that would
have tested the timbers of a strong vessel.

Those on board the life-boat heard a crashing and rending as of wood;
saw the huge hulk rise again on a wave, and then came the cry from Joe
Cushing:

�The windlass has gone!�

Even as he spoke it seemed as if the heavy fabric, lifting such a
height of side against the wind that it acted as a sail, literally
leaped forward directly upon the life-boat.

�Stern all! Lively, boys! Lively!�

Benny laid all his strength against the huge oar, and yet he could not
push it back so much as an inch; but his efforts might have been of
some avail in connection with the quick, muscular work of the others,
and the boat was forced out of the way only so much as was absolutely
necessary. The failure of an inch in distance, and she must have been
crushed by the ponderous weight which overhung her until Benny felt
certain they would be swamped.

This necessary man�uvre exposed the life-boat to the full force of the
wind, and before she could be brought round again, half-manned as she
was, fully fifty yards of water separated her from the lighter whereon
were the four life savers now turned mariners in distress.

Because no one of his companions spoke, Benny believed the danger which
menaced his comrades on the hulk to be very great, and a sensation of
faintness came over him as he thought that perhaps he might never
again clasp the hands of those whom he had learned to love.

With a full crew on the life-boat it would have been a comparatively
easy task to rescue the men from the lighter; but under the
circumstances it was difficult work to even so much as hold her against
the wind, and in the meanwhile the huge craft was approaching the
breakers at a speed that must soon put her beyond reach of help.

�Put your very life into the oars, boys!� Downey cried appealingly. �We
must lay her so near alongside that we can pass our comrades a rope,
for we can�t hope to help them from the shore!�

Every one, including Benny, had been working to the full extent of his
power, yet it seemed now as if still greater strength was laid on the
oars, as Downey shouted to their comrades:

�Stand by for a line, boys! Make it fast, and come in on it. I see no
other chance!�

�Let her drift in on the shoal!� Hardy cried.

�There are too big odds against all of us using your line, an� we�ll
hold on a spell after she strikes. You four can manage the surf-boat,
an� I allow there�s time to get it.�

�He�s right!� the keeper exclaimed. �I must have lost my head when I
thought they could come in hand-over-hand while there�s such a sea on.
Buckle to the oars, boys! We�ll make the station if we can; but if
not, beach this craft as near as possible. We�ve a poor crew indeed,
if our comrades are allowed to drown while they�ve got so many timbers
under them!�

While speaking he had swung the boat around head on to the shore, and
every man tugged and strained at his ashen blade, while Downey lent all
possible assistance with the steering oar.

�We�ll never make the station!� Benny heard Robbins, who was directly
in front of him mutter, and almost at the same instant the keeper cried
hoarsely:

�We must take our chances in the cove, boys. No. 8, get hold of a cork
jacket and come aft before we strike!�




CHAPTER XVI.

CAST ASHORE.


Benny understood the command given by Keeper Downey, but could not
make up his mind as to how it might be obeyed. It seemed to him in the
highest degree important that he keep to work with the oar, and yet he
could not lay hold of a life-preserver without dropping it.

After having thus attended to the boy�s safety so far as was possible,
the keeper turned all his attention to the work of so steering the
life-boat that she would strike the shore at the least dangerous point.

The huge lighter, on which could be seen indistinctly the forms of the
four men, was being driven rapidly toward the stranded steamer, and it
was not necessary one should have much experience in such matters to
understand that if she struck the wreck there was little hope the four
men could gain the shore alive.

If the crew had been on the cliff with the beach-apparatus, watching
others being swept down the coast in such fashion, it would not have
appeared to be a particularly dangerous position, because a line could
be fired across the wreck, or the surf-boat pulled to wheresoever the
lighter might come to grief.

Now, however, there was no one on shore to lend assistance, and, as a
matter of fact, every member of the crew was in extreme peril.

Benny watched his helpless comrades as he pulled at the oar while
awaiting the opportunity to lay hold of a life-preserver, and,
observing that he was not yet prepared for what lay before them,
Robbins asked sharply:

�Didn�t you hear what the keeper said?�

�Yes, sir; but I can�t reach one of the jackets without dropping my
oar.�

�Let it go, then! None of us are doing very much good now while the
wind has such a firm grip on us, and your strength won�t be missed.
This is the time when you must have your wits well about you, lad, and
it�s no easy matter to keep a clear head while floundering in the surf.�

�Is it certain we�ll all be thrown out?� Benny asked as he took up one
of the jackets and began adjusting it.

�There�s no help for it. If we�re lucky, it may be possible to get
the surf-boat afloat before that lumberin� lighter strikes; but I�m
doubtful as to our succeeding. In all my experience on this coast I
never before saw the life savers so completely knocked out as they
appear to be now.�

The four men on the unwieldy craft could be seen making such provisions
for their own safety as was possible under the circumstances. Just
abaft of where the windlass had stood was a narrow hatchway leading
to the shallow hold, and around the combing of this they ran a short
length of rope to form a life-line. It was a poor makeshift, but one on
which might depend the lives of four men.

In a single hurried glance Benny saw that Sam Hardy was stripping off
the greater portion of his clothing preparatory to the battle with the
surf, and that the others were peering ahead in the gloom as if trying
to decide at which point the lighter would take the land.

Meanwhile the life-boat had been racing toward the shore with
marvellous rapidity, flung forward by both wind and wave, and those
on board had no more than time in which to get a general view of the
surroundings before she was being tossed to and fro in the broken water
which extended a hundred yards or more from the coast-line.

�Stand ready, boys!� Tom Downey shouted, still doing his utmost to
guide the light craft by means of the steering-oar. �Leap clear if she
turns over! Robbins, have a care of Benny; but don�t try to do more
than keep his head above water till some of us can give you a lift!�

�Take hold of the back of my coat,� the surfman said to the lad an
instant after these orders had been given. �After I have jumped, do
your best to keep on my shoulders, and, above all, don�t lose your
courage. Surely we, whose business it is to save life in the surf,
should be able to go through yonder broken water alive.�

�Don�t pay any attention to me, Mr. Robbins,� Benny replied, trying his
best, and almost successfully, to speak in a firm tone. �You can save
yourself, and it ain�t fair to be bothered with me.�

There was no time in which to say anything more. Already was the
life-boat rising on the crest of a gigantic wave which promised to drop
her on the shoal twenty yards or more to seaward of low-water mark, and
all knew that the supreme moment had come.

Not until this instant did Tom Downey relinquish the steering-oar,
and the others, including Benny, mentally braced themselves for the
struggle which was close at hand.

Had the men been in the lighter surf-boat, the wave might have carried
them beyond reach of danger; but the larger craft struck the bottom
some distance from the shore, and it seemed to Benny as if the stern
was flung directly over the bow.

The upheaving of the boat threw him far out over the water before he
had time to leap, and ere Robbins had taken hold of him.

�Don�t lose your courage!�

These words which Robbins had spoken were ringing in the lad�s ears as
he was plunged head foremost into the boiling waters, and he strove
rather to keep his wits about him than to strike out for the shore.

He was conscious of coming in contact with the bottom, and then, as
he rose to the surface, of being drawn back forcibly by the undertow,
after which he threw his arms above his head lest he should be dashed
against a rock.

It seemed as if he was whirled to and fro violently, then flung
inshore, only to be dragged back again, and after that came a
bewildering, sickening sensation, until it seemed as if some heavy
object was pressing directly above him.

Involuntarily he clutched at it, and found a rope in his grasp.

An instant of confusion, and then he realized that he was floating by
the side of the life-boat.

The craft had righted itself after being up-ended, for, unless serious
damage had been done her hull, she would always swim in proper fashion,
and it so chanced the waves had carried her directly over the lad who,
by remaining passive in the surf, had done exactly that which was best
calculated to insure his safety.

�I won�t lose my courage!� Benny said stoutly, and his own words served
to animate him.

He hauled on the rope until finding that it was made fast inside the
craft, when, by exerting all his strength, it was possible to clamber
inboard, although by so doing the boat was filled to the gunwales with
water.

�With this jacket on, and in a life-boat, I can�t sink, and the only
fear is that I�ll be thrown against the rocks, the same as a life saver
whom Mr. Hardy knew,� Benny said to himself.

Then, clutching the thwart, the lad looked around him with the idea
that he might be able to render assistance to those of his companions
who had not succeeded in gaining a place of safety.

On the waves near at hand he could see nothing; but ashore was a small
group of men gazing toward him.

�Stand by for a line!� he heard Mr. Downey shout, and then all fear for
himself fled as he thought of those on the lighter.

�I am all right!� he cried at the full strength of his lungs. �I�ll
hold on here while you launch the surf-boat.�

He did not wait to hear the reply, but looked hurriedly around for the
lighter, and his breath came quick and fast as he saw the huge craft
almost upon him.

The wind was driving her down on a line with the stranded steamer, and
the life-boat, in her lee and sheltered from the gale, was being swept
by the undertow in the opposite direction.

Now he understood that there were other dangers than those of being
dashed against the rocks, and for an instant it seemed certain the end
had come.

He saw a human figure standing near the edge of the huge craft, and to
him he shouted wildly:

�Can�t you throw me a line?�

There was no time for a reply. Benny had hardly more than cried out
before the small boat was grating against the side of the hulk, and at
the same instant he who had been peering over the side leaped down.

The impetus given by the man�s body flung the life-boat to one side,
and in the merest fraction of time she was astern of the dangerous
fabric which swept onward, leaving a wake behind like that of a steamer.

�Is it you, No. 8?� a familiar voice cried, and Benny shouted in relief
and pleasure, for he knew Sam Hardy was with him once more.

�Where are the others?� he panted as Sam floundered to his side.

�Still on board the lighter; but I�m not allowin� there�s any great
danger for �em. It begins to look as if the clumsy hulk would clear
the stranded steamer, in which case they have only to hold on till the
surf-boat can be launched. Seein� the life-boat, I took the chances
of jumpin� so she wouldn�t be swept out to sea, for it would be queer
readin� if the Superintendent got a letter telling that we�d lost a
craft like her. How did you happen to be here alone?�

In the fewest possible words Benny explained what had happened, and
asked:

�How are we goin� to get ashore, Mr. Hardy?�

�That ain�t troublin� me so much just now as is the question of how
we�re goin� to keep her from bein� driven back against the cliff. So
far as I could see, all hands except you, got ashore without any very
great trouble, an� they�ll soon have the surf-boat over here. What we
must do is to keep off the rocks, an� that�ll be a reasonably hard job
with such a cargo of water as we�ve got aboard.�

�I can bail her.�

�As well try to dip up the ocean, for every wave is sweepin� over us
here in this broken water. We�re all right for a spell, an� there�s
nothin� to prevent our watchin� the others.�

Benny would have made an attempt to do whatever Sam Hardy might have
suggested, however wild or impossible, and now did his best at peering
through the gloom toward that dark mass which he knew was the lighter.

He could distinguish nothing on the shore; but the surfman, having had
more experience, declared that he could see quite plainly the forms of
their comrades.

�They don�t dare spend the time to go after the surf-boat, but will
trust to what they can do with ropes from the shore. The wreckers have
left enough gear behind to furnish each man with a life-line, and since
there�s no longer any danger the lighter will strike the steamer, it
won�t be a hard job to bring every fellow ashore. I�m still wonderin�
what made me jump when I saw the boat, Benny. It was a fool trick,
after yonder hulk had taken such a turn as showed she�d strike a sandy
bottom.�

�It was mighty lucky for me that you did come, sir.�

�Why, lad? I can�t do the first thing toward helpin� us out of this
plight, except by usin� the steerin�-oar when we�re nearer in shore,
an� you may as well have been alone.�

�I�d have been terribly frightened; but now everything is all right.�

Sam gathered the boy in his arms for an instant, but made no reply, and
during those few seconds it seemed as if the two were nearer in spirit
than they had ever been before.

�She�s struck!� the surfman cried at length, referring to the lighter,
and Benny saw a huge cloud of spray rise in the air as if against the
base of a cliff.

�When we first went adrift, Joe Cushing figgered that the danger of
bein� washed away wouldn�t be very great, provided she went clear of
the steamer, for the deck is so broad, and her depth so great, that the
waves won�t make a clean breach over her. In their places, I�d take the
chances of stayin� there till the tide falls, rather than trust to a
hand-rope through the surf.�

Sam continued to gaze first at the huge hulk and then at the shore,
regardless of his own danger, until Benny recalled him to the fact that
the life-boat was being driven directly toward a cliff of brown rocks a
quarter of a mile beyond where the life savers ashore were stationed.

�Hold on where you are till I give the word,� Sam cried as he unshipped
one of the spare oars from its beckets and swung it out over the stern.
�I�m not certain one man can do much more than hold this boat before
the wind, and if we find that she ain�t to be turned from her course,
we�ll try the surf again.�

�Can�t I help you?�

�Not a bit, lad, except by sittin� still an� obeyin� orders. Don�t be
frightened, for----�

�There�s nothing to scare me now you�re here,� Benny replied with
sublime confidence, and the surfman muttered a few words under his
breath, the purport of which Benny failed to hear.

From this moment the two in the boat ceased to pay any attention
to their comrades either on shore or aboard the lighter; their own
situation demanded every thought, and while Sam Hardy would not have
admitted as much to his companion, he was seriously concerned regarding
the possibility of warding off the threatening danger.

Freighted with water as the life-boat was, she sailed sluggishly before
the blast, with not sufficient headway to prevent the waves from
breaking over her continuously, and it was necessary her crew should
exercise every care to prevent themselves from being washed overboard.

There was no deviation from the course, however; straight toward that
frowning cliff the wind and waves forced her, and the surfman knew full
well, although he refrained from giving words to the fact, that it was
not in the power of man to aid them if they struck the rocks, where the
waves would beat them to and fro until life was crushed out.

�We must take to the water, Benny,� Sam Hardy said at length, doing his
best to speak in a cheery tone. �It ain�t an overly pleasant idee; but
goes �way ahead of stayin� aboard till we can�t help ourselves. Can you
swim any?�

�A little in smooth water.�

�You�ve got a cork jacket on?�

�Yes, sir, and it kept me up in great shape before, so you needn�t
bother about me, for I sha�n�t drown so long as I keep my courage.�

�I ain�t afraid but you�ll contrive to do that last. Now listen: we�re
goin� to take to the water mighty soon; I�ll go over, an� you�re to
follow close behind. Once we�re afloat, keep a firm hold of my shirt
collar from behind, an� see to it your grip is not loosened.�

�Please don�t try to drag me, Mr. Hardy. It�s certain you�ll come out
all right alone, an� I�m afraid----�

�Benny, I�d sooner never go ashore than get there without you,� Sam
replied, speaking very gravely; �so we won�t make any talk about that
part of it. Do as I�ve said, an� we�ll both be back at the station
to-morrow mornin�, or neither of us shows up there again. Are you
ready?�

�Whenever you say the word, sir,� Benny replied stoutly, although it
seemed as if his heart was in his throat.

�I hate to leave the life-boat, but the Government can easier buy a new
one than I can get another lease of life, so here goes. Stand close by
my side, No. 8, an� jump with me.�

The boy obeyed promptly, although the strongest man might well have
been excused for hesitating at such a leap.

[Illustration]

The water did not run in waves at this point, but swirled and foamed
over the rocks beneath in eddying circles which threatened to suck down
everything within reach until it was like a seething mass of boiling
yeast.

�There�s depth enough to prevent us from coming to harm against the
bottom,� Sam said reassuringly, �and we�ve only to swim a quarter of
a mile before gaining a good landing-place, even if Tom Downey don�t
send some one to help us. All ready, lad! Keep your wits about you, an�
leave the rest with me.�

Then Sam flung his arm around the boy�s waist, pressing the lad close
to him as he leaped.

Down, down, until it seemed to Benny as if they would never reach the
bottom, and then came the up-rising, followed by the blessed relief of
being able to breathe once more.

It had not been the lad�s purpose to follow Sam Hardy�s instructions to
the letter.

He had not intended to allow himself to be dragged through the waves
at risk of weighting down his comrade, but proposed to strike out for
himself; and the surfman must have feared some such intention, for,
fastening his teeth in the sleeve of Benny�s shirt, he held on as a dog
might have done.

The boy understood that Hardy could swi