ere the life savers ashore were stationed.

�Hold on where you are till I give the word,� Sam cried as he unshipped
one of the spare oars from its beckets and swung it out over the stern.
�I�m not certain one man can do much more than hold this boat before
the wind, and if we find that she ain�t to be turned from her course,
we�ll try the surf again.�

�Can�t I help you?�

�Not a bit, lad, except by sittin� still an� obeyin� orders. Don�t be
frightened, for----�

�There�s nothing to scare me now you�re here,� Benny replied with
sublime confidence, and the surfman muttered a few words under his
breath, the purport of which Benny failed to hear.

From this moment the two in the boat ceased to pay any attention
to their comrades either on shore or aboard the lighter; their own
situation demanded every thought, and while Sam Hardy would not have
admitted as much to his companion, he was seriously concerned regarding
the possibility of warding off the threatening danger.

Freighted with water as the life-boat was, she sailed sluggishly before
the blast, with not sufficient headway to prevent the waves from
breaking over her continuously, and it was necessary her crew should
exercise every care to prevent themselves from being washed overboard.

There was no deviation from the course, however; straight toward that
frowning cliff the wind and waves forced her, and the surfman knew full
well, although he refrained from giving words to the fact, that it was
not in the power of man to aid them if they struck the rocks, where the
waves would beat them to and fro until life was crushed out.

�We must take to the water, Benny,� Sam Hardy said at length, doing his
best to speak in a cheery tone. �It ain�t an overly pleasant idee; but
goes �way ahead of stayin� aboard till we can�t help ourselves. Can you
swim any?�

�A little in smooth water.�

�You�ve got a cork jacket on?�

�Yes, sir, and it kept me up in great shape before, so you needn�t
bother about me, for I sha�n�t drown so long as I keep my courage.�

�I ain�t afraid but you�ll contrive to do that last. Now listen: we�re
goin� to take to the water mighty soon; I�ll go over, an� you�re to
follow close behind. Once we�re afloat, keep a firm hold of my shirt
collar from behind, an� see to it your grip is not loosened.�

�Please don�t try to drag me, Mr. Hardy. It�s certain you�ll come out
all right alone, an� I�m afraid----�

�Benny, I�d sooner never go ashore than get there without you,� Sam
replied, speaking very gravely; �so we won�t make any talk about that
part of it. Do as I�ve said, an� we�ll both be back at the station
to-morrow mornin�, or neither of us shows up there again. Are you
ready?�

�Whenever you say the word, sir,� Benny replied stoutly, although it
seemed as if his heart was in his throat.

�I hate to leave the life-boat, but the Government can easier buy a new
one than I can get another lease of life, so here goes. Stand close by
my side, No. 8, an� jump with me.�

The boy obeyed promptly, although the strongest man might well have
been excused for hesitating at such a leap.

[Illustration]

The water did not run in waves at this point, but swirled and foamed
over the rocks beneath in eddying circles which threatened to suck down
everything within reach until it was like a seething mass of boiling
yeast.

�There�s depth enough to prevent us from coming to harm against the
bottom,� Sam said reassuringly, �and we�ve only to swim a quarter of
a mile before gaining a good landing-place, even if Tom Downey don�t
send some one to help us. All ready, lad! Keep your wits about you, an�
leave the rest with me.�

Then Sam flung his arm around the boy�s waist, pressing the lad close
to him as he leaped.

Down, down, until it seemed to Benny as if they would never reach the
bottom, and then came the up-rising, followed by the blessed relief of
being able to breathe once more.

It had not been the lad�s purpose to follow Sam Hardy�s instructions to
the letter.

He had not intended to allow himself to be dragged through the waves
at risk of weighting down his comrade, but proposed to strike out for
himself; and the surfman must have feared some such intention, for,
fastening his teeth in the sleeve of Benny�s shirt, he held on as a dog
might have done.

The boy understood that Hardy could swim more easily if he held himself
up by clutching the latter�s shirt collar, and as soon as he did this
the surfman released his hold.

So low on the surface of the water were the two, it was impossible to
gain any idea of where the life savers or the hulk might be.

They were alone amid those angry, seething waters, and it was not
reasonable to suppose their comrades could see them.

Had he been dependent upon his own exertions, Benny must speedily have
succumbed to the violent buffeting of the waves; but Sam Hardy shielded
the lad whenever it was possible, in addition to dragging him past the
frowning rocks, and finally, after it seemed to the lad as if half
the night had been spent, they had arrived at a cove which offered a
comparatively safe landing-place.

�Stand up as soon as your feet touch bottom, and run for dear life,�
Hardy said, speaking for the first time since they had flung themselves
into the waves, and the words were no more than uttered when Benny was
able to obey.

Hand in hand the two fled from the raging waters, only to be overtaken
and hurled back at the very moment when it seemed as if a place of
safety had been gained, and then came another wearying, disheartening
conflict with the waves, during which Benny nearly lost his courage.

Once more it was possible to gain a foothold; once more they raced with
death, and this time the venture was successful. The two gained the
pebbly shore above the water-line, so sorely beaten and fatigued that
speech or movement was impossible until after a rest of several minutes.

Then Sam asked solicitously:

�How are you feelin�, lad?�

�I�m all right,� Benny replied, panting so heavily that it was only
with the greatest difficulty he could articulate.

�This ain�t the kind of a night when a fellow can lay along the shore
very long without running the risk of freezin� to death. We�d best be
movin� as soon as you can walk.�

�I�m ready now,� and Benny rose to his feet.

�Throw off that cork-jacket; take hold of my hand, and once we�ve
started, keep movin� as long as it�s possible to breathe. We came out
of that smother all right, an� now are bound to get back to the station
in such shape that we�ll be able to do our full share of the work.�

�Will the crew try to do anything more, now that the life-boat is
gone?� Benny asked as he followed at a rapid pace by Sam�s side.

�We�re obliged to do all we can to prevent wreck, an� a dip like this
don�t excuse us from a full share of duty when there�s pressin� need.�

�It would seem different if there was any one aboard the steamer or
lighters.�

�We are called on to save property as well as lives, lad, an� whatever
danger we may have been in, or must face later, don�t count.�

There was no question in Benny�s mind but that the three men had been
taken safely from the hulk, because Sam Hardy declared they would be,
which declaration was the same to him as a fact; therefore he felt no
anxiety until they were within fifty yards of where the lighter lay
stranded upon the sands.

�The boys are still there,� the surfman said as he halted an instant to
peer seaward. �I reckon they�re right comfortable, though, for the surf
doesn�t break over them very badly, and it will soon be possible to
give them a line.�

�Where is Mr. Downey and the others?� Benny asked, gazing around but
without seeing any sign of life upon the shore.

Sam Hardy stopped only sufficiently long to assure himself they were
not in the vicinity, and then replied in a tone of conviction:

�Gone back to the station for the beach-wagon.�

�Perhaps they never got ashore,� Benny added in a whisper of awe.

�Don�t get such an idea as that in your head, lad. I�d answer for it
every one didn�t go under, an� the fact that there are none here is
proof each man answered to his name.�

�What do you suppose they thought had become of us?�

�We didn�t cut any figger in their thoughts, lad. Most likely Downey
knew I jumped aboard the life-boat, an� after that he counted us out
when reckonin� how many was in need of help. We�ll push on, for it�ll
be a hard tug gettin� that cart over these rocks with only half a crew.�

�Are the other lighters adrift?� Benny asked as he followed his comrade
at a smart pace.

�Ay, lad, an� as near as I can make out, two of them are afoul of the
steamer. There�ll be a pretty mess there when the sun rises, an� we�ll
be hauled over the coals for it; but I�ll thank anybody to tell me how
we could have done more than we did.�

At that moment Benny gave little heed to the fate of the stranded
steamer; if the three men could be safely taken from the lighter he
believed there would be cause for rejoicing, even though all hulks
alongshore were dashed to pieces.

Before the two had traversed more than a third of the distance from the
scene of the disaster to the station they came upon the remnant of the
crew dragging the beach-apparatus.

Benny may have thought that the keeper would at least congratulate
them upon their escape, but he did nothing of the kind. Danger was
too frequent a visitor to cause much comment, save at the very moment
of its appearance, and the keeper said quietly, as if they had been
engaged in some ordinary duty:

�Got ashore, eh? Where�s the life-boat?�

�The other side of Jefford�s reef. While the wind holds in this quarter
there�s no fear she�ll drift far, an� we can pick her up in the
mornin�.�

�Take hold here, and let us finish this job as soon as may be, for I
don�t like the idea of leaving the remainder of the coast without a
patrol�; and he added after the wagon was in motion once more, with Sam
and Benny in the rope harness, �Did the other lighters come in?�

�They�re grindin� the steamer into toothpicks. Even if we had all hands
out there in the big boat, it would be impossible to do anything.�

�I know that,� Downey replied impatiently, �an� yet it will seem to
others as if we might have done more. A pretty story we�ve got to tell
about this night�s work! A crew of life savers wrecked in a life-boat!
If we�re not the sport of every man in the Service from this out, I�ll
eat my hat!�

�And yet there�s no man livin� who could have foreseen what happened.
It was the proper thing to send us on board the lighter, an� if her
gear gave way, we�re not to be blamed for it,� Sam replied earnestly,
and Tom Downey remained silent.




CHAPTER XVII.

A LETTER.


When the beach-wagon had been hauled into position, the work of
rescuing the life savers from the lighter was trifling, and the three
were no more than ashore before Keeper Downey cried sharply:

�Now then, let�s get the apparatus home, and the patrol out as soon as
may be. There�s some show of excuse for our not being able to save the
property here; but in case a vessel came ashore while we were foolin�
around with a lot of lighters, and life should be lost, we�d find
ourselves in a bad pickle.�

The keeper was not the only member of the crew who feared that the
night�s misadventure might have some fatal ending. The same thought was
in the mind of every man, and it was not necessary to urge them forward.

Benny welcomed the opportunity to restore the circulation of blood to
his chilled limbs, and pushed with the utmost of his strength at the
tail of the cart by the keeper�s side.

The heavy wagon was dragged over the rocks and through the sand at
a rate of speed which, under other circumstances, might have been
impossible, and when they had nearly arrived at the station Tom Downey
was less apprehensive regarding the possibility of a wreck, for at that
moment they were passing over the highest point of the cliffs, from
which a good view of the ocean could be had.

Save for a few fleecy clouds, the sky was clear, and the twinkling
stars gave out sufficient light to show that not a sail was within
their range of vision.

�I reckon we can count the worst of our work as bein� over for this
night; but there won�t be a very pretty picture alongshore to-morrow
morning,� the keeper said to Benny, and the latter replied with a tone
of thankfulness in his voice:

�Things will look better than you believed at one time, Mr. Downey, for
then it seemed as if you�d be called upon to hunt for the bodies of the
crew among the wreckage.�

�Right you are, my lad, and it�s little less than a sin to grumble
because two or three lighters and a stranded steamer may have been
broken up, when the crew came safely through as tough a place as they
were ever in. It�s a great pity I allowed you to go with us.�

�But I�ve come out of it without any more harm than any of the others,
sir, and it will help me along in learning to be a surfman.�

�You might have got the lesson in an easier fashion, lad. It�s hard
enough for tough men like us to have the clothing frozen to our bodies,
but a boy like you can�t well stand such hardships.�

�But I�m all right, sir,� Benny replied, striving in vain to prevent
his teeth from chattering with the cold. �Leastways, I will be as soon
as we get to the station, and this work with the cart warms a fellow up
wonderfully.�

Downey did not reply until after a long pause, and then he said
emphatically:

�If pluck is necessary in the making of a good surfman, you should be a
rare hand at the business, No. 8, before another year has passed.�

What a welcome it was which Benny received from Fluff when they finally
arrived at the station and the beach-wagon had been hauled into the
boat-house!

The tiny dog capered, and barked, and yelped until it seemed as if he
realized how great had been the danger to which his master was exposed,
and so violently loving were his demonstrations that Benny could not
make any headway at changing his clothing until after having devoted a
certain time to his pet.

Then the dog greeted each of the men in turn, and Joe Cushing said as
he took him almost affectionately in his arms:

�You an� No. 8 make up such a team, small though you are, as I never
had the good fortune to see before.�

[Illustration]

A pot of steaming coffee was on the stove, and the cook spread on the
table such provisions as were most conveniently at hand, in order that
those who were forced to go out on the coast again to do patrol duty
might refresh themselves without waste of time.

Once the men had put on dry clothing it was as if all previous dangers
were forgotten, and Sam Hardy suggested that they man the surf-boat in
order to go in search of the life-boat.

�She�ll pound herself to pieces on the rocks �twixt now an� mornin�,
whereas by a bit of hard work at this time we may save her, an� in so
doin� prevent it from bein� said along the shore that we allowed such a
craft to be wrecked.�

Tom Downey hesitated; he questioned whether he was warranted in risking
human lives to save what might be replaced by an expenditure of
dollars and cents, and perhaps would have turned a deaf ear to Sam�s
suggestion, but that every other member of the crew evinced a strong
desire to make the attempt.

Their record for saving life and property was exceptionally good at the
Department, as every man knew full well, and to get such a black mark
as must be set down against them in case the life-boat should be lost,
was anything rather than pleasing to contemplate.

�I claim that we are not warranted in taking the chances,� Downey said
slowly and thoughtfully; �but if you fellows are so set on it, we�ll
make the try.�

As he spoke Benny began to overhaul the spare oil-skins--the suit he
wore when they set out before having been thrown off when he with Hardy
leaped into the water--, and Downey asked sharply:

�What are you about, lad?�

�There�s another small coat here somewhere,� and Benny hurriedly tossed
over the assortment of waterproof garments.

�Well, and what if there is?�

�Didn�t you say we were to go for the life-boat, sir?�

The crew laughed heartily, as if there was something exceedingly
ludicrous in this question, and Benny looked around in astonishment.

�Do you count on going with us?� Downey asked, as soon as he could
control his mirth sufficiently to speak.

�I thought you would let me, sir, seeing as how I went the first time.�

�Because we were so foolish as to take you then, there is no reason for
committing the same fault again. You are to stay here with the cook and
Fluff C. Foster. Once in a night is enough for you to risk your life
when there�s no especial call for so doing.�

Benny appeared positively pained, and Sam Hardy whispered to him while
the others were making their preparations:

�It wouldn�t be right, lad, for us to take you, even though it might
be convenient, which it isn�t. We�re goin� in the surf-boat, and there
will be snug stowin� when the full crew is aboard. If it was a case
of fair weather an� smooth water you�d have to stay behind, because
we couldn�t pack you in; so look cheerful, an� see to it that we have
plenty of hot coffee on our return.�

This explanation comforted the boy greatly, and he at once set about
doing what he could to assist in the preparations for departure.

Then, after the boat had been launched and the men pulled off on their
perilous work, with Fluff in his arms he stood at the entrance of the
boat-house, watching until the tiny craft was swallowed up in the
darkness, and when it was no longer possible to distinguish any object
upon the heaving waters the lad returned to the mess-room, there to
make ready an appetizing meal for his comrades.

The cook had taken advantage of the opportunity to go to bed
immediately the crew returned with the beach-wagon, and Benny was in
sole command of the kitchen with, as he said, �Fluff acting as mate.�

Not until two hours had elapsed did the life savers return, and then
they brought the life-boat with them, none the worse, so Dick Sawyer
declared, for the pounding she had received upon the rocks.

Benny met them at the door of the boat-house, and, as might have been
expected, was eager to learn whether any serious injury had been
wrought.

As soon as the two boats were housed, and before they entered the
mess-room, Sam Hardy gave an account of the work by saying:

�We found her just inside the broken water near where you an� I went
overboard. It�s likely she�s been flung against the cliff a good many
times; but, so far as we can make out, scratched paint is the only
damage done. It wasn�t a wonderfully easy job to get hold of her, but
once we were there for that purpose you can make certain, No. 8, that
none of us were minded to let any ordinary difficulties put an end to
the work. That�s all there is to the story, and it can be seen that you
didn�t lose anything, except a disagreeable time, by not going with us.�

While Sam was speaking the remainder of the crew had entered the
mess-room, and an exclamation of pleasurable surprise burst from the
lips of all as they saw the meal which Benny had made ready.

�I�ve said before, an� this proves it, that the time ain�t so far off
when No. 8 will be able to pass examination as our cook,� Joe Gushing
e