s were to leave the
vicinity, the crew and officers of the steamer remaining to assist in
the labor of floating the steamer, and then he set about finding the
article to which Sam Hardy referred.

Twice over he read the following lines, and even then he was puzzled
to understand what bearing they could have upon the remark made by the
lady.

�The regular crews of stations are not entitled to salvage, it being
part of their duty, as Government employees, to assist, without charge,
in saving property from wrecked vessels, so far as it can be done
without interfering with the duty of saving life, which must always
be the paramount consideration, or injuring the effectiveness of the
appliances for prompt service at any moment. They are not, however,
prohibited from claiming reasonable compensation for the use of boats,
wagons, or other appliances, personally belonging to them, which may be
employed upon such occasions, nor from receiving such rewards for labor
performed, or risk incurred at wrecks, as owners or masters of vessels
or other persons may see fit to _voluntarily_ bestow upon them, but
they are strictly forbidden to solicit such rewards.�

The crew of the station had not been served with breakfast before
the departure of the tug, owing to lack of space for so many in the
mess-room, therefore they were alone once more when the cook summoned
them to the long-delayed meal.

As he took his seat at the table, Benny fancied his comrades looked
unusually sharp at him; but no one made any comment, until the hunger
of all had been satisfied, when Keeper Downey asked:

�Didn�t I see one of the ladies whispering to you just before the
passengers went on board the tug?�

�Yes, sir,� Benny replied, and then he repeated what she had said,
together with the conversation between himself and Sam Hardy.

�Well, did you look up Article 151?�

�Yes, sir; but I couldn�t find out anything by that.�

�I�ll explain it, No. 8, and while I�m doing so remember that I�m the
captain of this crew, and my orders are to be obeyed without question.�

�Yes, sir,� Benny said hesitatingly, almost alarmed by this stern
reminder of authority.

�After the passengers heard what Fluff had done, they were naturally
curious to know why a lad like you was living in such a place, and it
became necessary to tell the story. You can hardly wonder that every
one of them was eager to show due appreciation of our services, and it
was decided among them that it could best be done by making some little
provision for the future of you and Fluff C. Foster, although all knew
you belong to us, if it so chances that no relatives come forward to
claim you.�

�I haven�t got any relatives, except it might be second-hand ones who
never so much as heard of me,� Benny interrupted.

�We can almost hope you haven�t, No. 8, for we couldn�t afford to spare
you from this �ere crew,� Joe Cushing said emphatically, and Tom Downey
motioned that all remain silent.

�The passengers made up a purse for the lad who, unaided, saved the
lives of two men, and in Article 151 you�ll find that you�re allowed to
receive whatever may be given you voluntarily.�

�Do you mean that they�ve paid me money?� Benny asked sharply.

�Yes, and it was with the full approval of every member of this crew,
except yourself. By making up a purse for you and Fluff, a great
compliment was paid to us, and as such you must receive it without any
back talk. I�ve got here one hundred and thirty dollars, which is to be
put into the bank for your benefit, and as the lady said, it will come
in handy when you begin to go to school.�

Mr. Downey displayed the money, but Benny made no attempt to touch it,
and Sam Hardy took it upon himself to banish the lad�s scruples in
regard to receiving it.

�There ain�t a man among us who would refuse a gift made in the same
spirit that was, No. 8, an� we take it as a compliment to ourselves. It
would have pleased us better if the passengers themselves could have
put the money in your hands; but we felt afraid you�d be so backward
about acceptin� it as to give them the idea such a token wasn�t to your
likin�, so the keeper took the matter in charge. We want you to be
glad, for the rest of us are feelin� mighty fine because it has been
done.�

Benny could make no reply just then, and his comrades understood the
reason; but later he came to look at the matter in a different light,
and asked Tom Downey to write a letter thanking the passengers for
their kindness.

The crew had but little time to spend on private affairs just at this
moment. The wrecking crew went to work on the stranded steamer that
same day, and all hands were interested in watching the operations,
which were not brought to an end for many days, when the vessel was
hauled off the shoal with no more damage than might have been expected.

Some time before the work came to an end the life-saving crew settled
down once more to the regular routine of duty, and Sam Hardy suggested
that No. 8 spend all his spare time studying the printed rules for the
management of open row-boats in a surf.

�It�s what every lad should know, Benjamin, whether he counts on
becoming a surfman or not, and you must have it all well in mind before
spring, when I�m goin� to give you plenty of practice in such work.�

Under this inducement it is not to be wondered at that Benny at once
became unusually studious, and on the day before his uniform arrived,
it was possible for him to repeat all which is here set down for the
benefit of those lads who may not have such an able teacher as Sam
Hardy.

�As a general rule, speed must be given to a boat rowing against a
heavy surf. Indeed, under some circumstances, her safety will depend
on the utmost possible speed being attained on meeting a sea. For if
the sea be really heavy, and the wind blowing a hard on-shore gale, it
can only be by the utmost exertions of the crew that any headway can be
made. The great danger then is, that an approaching heavy sea may carry
the boat away on its front, and turn it broadside on, or up-end it,
either effect being immediately fatal. A boat�s only chance in such a
case is to obtain such way as shall enable her to pass, end on, through
the crest of the sea, and leave it as soon as possible behind her. Of
course, if there be a rather heavy surf, but no wind, or the wind off
shore, and opposed to the surf, as is often the case, a boat might be
propelled so rapidly through it that her bow would fall more suddenly
and heavily after topping the sea than if her way had been checked;
and it may, therefore, only be when the sea is of such magnitude, and
the boat of such a character, that there may be a chance of the former
carrying her back before it, that full speed should be given her.

�It may also happen that, by careful management under such
circumstances, a boat may be made to avoid the sea, so that each wave
may break ahead of her, which may be the only chance of safety in a
small boat; but if the shore be flat, and the broken water extends to a
great distance from it, this will often be impossible.

�If sufficient command can be kept over a boat by the skill of those on
board her, avoid or �dodge� the sea, if possible, so as not to meet it
at the moment of its breaking or curling over.

�Against a head gale and heavy surf, get all possible speed on a boat
on the approach of every sea which cannot be avoided.

�If more speed can be given to a boat than is sufficient to prevent her
being carried back by the surf, her way may be checked on its approach,
which will give her an easier passage over it.

�The one great danger, when running before a broken sea, is that
of broaching-to. To that peculiar effect of the sea, so frequently
destructive of human life, the utmost attention must be directed.

�The cause of a boat�s broaching-to when running before a broken sea
or surf is, that her own motion being in the same direction as that
of the sea, whether it be given by the force of oars or sails, or by
the force of the sea itself, she opposes no resistance to it, but is
carried before it. Thus, if a boat be running with her bow to the shore
and her stern to the sea, the first effect of the surf or roller, on
its overtaking her, is to throw up the stern, and as a consequence
to depress the bow; if she then has sufficient inertia (which will
be proportional to weight) to allow the sea to pass her, she will
in succession pass through the descending, the horizontal, and the
ascending positions, as the crest of the wave passes successively her
stern, her midships, and her bow, in the reverse order in which the
same positions occur to a boat propelled to seaward against a surf.
This may be defined as the safe mode of running before a broken sea.

�But if a boat, on being overtaken by a heavy surf, has not sufficient
inertia to allow it to pass her, the first of the three positions
above enumerated alone occurs; her stern is raised high in the air,
and the wave carries the boat before it, on its front or unsafe
side, sometimes with frightful velocity, the bow all the time deeply
immersed in the hollow of the sea, where the water, stationary or
comparatively so, offers a resistance, whilst the crest of the sea,
having the actual motion which causes it to break, forces onward the
stern or rear end of the boat. A boat will, in this position sometimes,
aided by careful oar-steerage, run a considerable distance until the
wave has broken and expended itself. But it will often happen that if
the bow be low it will be driven under water, when, the buoyancy being
lost forward, whilst the sea presses on the stern, the boat will be
thrown (as it is termed) end over end; or, if the bow be high, or it be
protected, as in most lifeboats, by a bow air-chamber, so that it does
not become submerged, that the resistance forward, acting on one bow,
will slightly turn the boat�s head, and the force of the surf being
transferred to the opposite quarter, she will in a moment be turned
round broadside by the sea, and be thrown by it on her beam ends or
altogether capsized.

�Hence, it follows, that the management of a boat, when landing through
a heavy surf, must, as far as possible, be assimilated to that when
proceeding to seaward against one, at least so far as to stop her
progress shoreward at the moment of being overtaken by a heavy sea, and
thus enabling it to pass her. There are different ways of effecting
this object:

�1. By turning a boat�s head to the sea before entering the broken
water, and then backing in stern foremost, pulling a few strokes ahead
to meet each heavy sea, and then again backing astern. If the sea be
really heavy and a boat small, this plan will generally be the safest,
as a boat cannot be kept more under command when the full force of the
oars can be used against a heavy surf than by backing them only.

�2. If rowing to shore with the stern to seaward, by backing all the
oars on the approach of a heavy sea, and rowing ahead again as soon as
it has passed to the bow of the boat, thus rowing it on the back of the
wave; or, as is practiced in some life-boats, placing the after-oarsmen
with their faces forward and making them row back at each sea on its
approach.

�3. If rowed in bow foremost, by towing astern a pig of ballast or
large stone, or a large basket, or canvas bag, termed a �drogue� or
drag, made for the purpose, the object of each being to hold the boat�s
stern back, and prevent her being turned broadside to the sea or
broaching-to.

�Heavy weights should be kept out of the extreme ends of a boat; but
when rowing before a heavy sea the best trim is deepest by the stern,
which prevents the stern being readily thrown on one side by the sea.

�The following general rules may therefore be depended on when running
before, or attempting to land, through a heavy surf or broken water.

�1. As far as possible, avoid each sea by placing the boat where the
sea will break ahead or astern of her.

�2. If the sea be very heavy, or if the boat be very small, and
especially if she have a square stern, bring her bow round to seaward
and back her in, rowing ahead against each heavy surf that cannot be
avoided sufficiently to allow it to pass the boat.

�3. If it be considered safe to proceed to the shore bow foremost, back
the oars against each sea on its approach, so as to stop the boat�s way
through the water as far as possible, and if there is a drogue, or any
other instrument in the boat which may be used as one, tow it astern to
aid in keeping the boat end on to the sea, which is the chief object in
view.

�4. Bring the principal weights in the boat towards the end that is to
seaward, but not to the extreme end.�

All of these rules Benny was called upon to repeat aloud before the
entire crew, and in the discussion which followed he learned very
much which would be valuable when the time came that he could put the
teaching into practice; but all his comrades assured him that if he
would keep this one lesson well in mind, he might be depended upon to
manage a boat in broken water without first having had any experience.

�I�ll be glad when I can handle the surf-boat,� he said as he took
Fluff in his arms preparatory to going to bed.

�That will come in good time, lad, never fear,� Keeper Downey said
cheerily; �but you�ll be called upon to wait patiently until warmer
weather is here. In the meantime we�ve something important on hand
to-morrow.�

Benny looked at him questioningly, and the keeper asked:

�Have you forgotten that the uniform should be done by this time, and
to-morrow�s my day for going into the city?�

�I didn�t forget it, sir.�

�Then why hadn�t you spoken about it?� Joe Cushing asked impatiently.

�I was afraid perhaps Mr. Downey had changed his mind about going to
the city, and besides I didn�t want you to think I couldn�t wait.�

�There�s little fear of your being too forward, my lad,� Sam Hardy said
with a hearty laugh. �We must see to it that you�re called regularly to
meals, or you�ll get the idea that perhaps we�d like it better if you
missed one or two. The uniform is to be here to-morrow, an� if anything
had prevented the keeper from going to town, I�d pulled in and back
myself, for I�m mighty anxious to see you togged out in proper fashion,
even if you do feel so moderate about it.�

�Of course I want the uniform,� Benny added quickly; �but I�d rather
wait a week than have any of the crew put themselves out to get it.�

Then the lad, holding the dog affectionately in his arms, ascended the
stairs to the sleeping quarters, and when he had disappeared from view,
Sam Hardy said emphatically:

�Accordin� to my way of thinkin�, it�s seldom you run across so good a
lad as No. 8.�

�You�re right there,� Mr. Downey added. �All that troubles me in the
matter is the fear that we may not be doing quite our duty by the boy
in keeping him here with us, when he should be at school.�

�Don�t let that fret you; he�ll learn enough wherever he is, an� it�s
a heap of satisfaction to the little shaver when he believes he�s
paying his own way,� Joe Cushing said quickly, and Dick Sawyer cried
emphatically:

�If he don�t do all of that, then I�d like to see the boy, or man
either for that matter, who does!�




CHAPTER XIV.

THE WRECKERS.


The crew at the station were, even under ordinary circumstances, out
of bed early in the morning; but since the wreckers had been at work
on the stranded steamer there was little possibility any one, except a
very deaf person, could sleep after the first signs of day appeared in
the sky.

The wrecking tugs, when they did not return to the city at nightfall,
anchored off the cove near the station, and their whistles were sounded
vigorously fully half an hour before daybreak, in order that the men
might be ready for work as soon as there was sufficient light.

As Sam Hardy said, �it came pretty rough on a fellow who�d been
patrolling the coast till midnight, to be wakened at four o�clock,�
but grumbling on the part of the life savers effected no change in the
situation, and as a rule breakfast had been eaten before the man whose
tour of duty ended only at daylight, had returned to the station.

On this morning when Tom Downey was to visit the city, all hands had
been awakened even earlier than usual, and the keeper set off a full
hour before Joe Cushing, who had the last trick at patrolling, came
into the building.

�It�s like to be a long day for us, lad,� Sam Hardy said as he entered
the kitchen where Benny was washing the breakfast dishes. �I�m thinkin�
you can�t be so very busy �twixt now an� eleven o�clock.�

�There�s nothing to be done around the house, so I counted on studying
the _Regulations_ for a while.�

�It won�t do you any harm to drop that kind of work for a spell; you
already know more of that precious book than any of us, except it may
be Tom Downey, an� there�s danger you�ll grow too wise in the work of
life-saving. What do you say to havin� a look at the wreckers? They are
gettin� well along with their job, an� I allow the tugs will make a try
at pullin� the steamer off when this tide rises.�

�I�d like to go if it would be all right to leave,� Benny said
thoughtfully, as he looked inquiringly at the cook, and the latter
replied to the unspoken question:

�There�s no reason why you shouldn�t have an outin�, lad. It�ll do you
solid good, for you�ve been shut up here too long. What about Fluff C.
Foster?�

�I wouldn�t like to take him with me, for it�s too cold on the rocks,
and where there are so many men at work he might get hurt.�

�Very well, leave him behind, an� I�ll answer for it that he comes to
no harm. Maje has given over all ideas of botherin� him, and, besides,
if you say the word, he sha�n�t be allowed to poke his pink nose out of
doors.�

Benny put on the pea-jacket which was large enough to serve him as an
overcoat, pulled the flaps of the sou�-wester over his ears, and, just
as the sun was coming up from behind the restless expanse of water, the
two set out, walking at full speed, for the cold was too intense to
admit of any pleasant lingering by the way.

When they arrived at the scene of the wrecking operations it appeared
very much to No. 8 as if Joe Cushing had made a mistake when he
declared that the steamer might be saved. To the lad she looked like a
hopeless wreck.

The sea had thrown her on her beam ends, and then forced her so high
up on the shoal that nearly half the bottom was exposed to view. The
bridge, a greater portion of both rails, and nearly everything on
deck was missing, while the wreckage along shore explained where the
top-hammer had gone.

�Been used rather rough, eh?� Hardy said as he and Benny stood on the
cliff where a full view of the wreck could be had.

�It doesn�t seem possible that they can get her off, or, even if that
might be done, that she would be fit for sea again.�

�In a mishap like this the worst of the mischief is all on the outside,
lad. Most likely her hull is as sound as ever, and it only remains to
get her afloat, when a little carpenter-work will finish the job. It�s
a pity the steamers couldn�t go alongside, for then she might be raised
in short order.�

The wrecking tugs were lying some distance off shore, and lighters
had been drifted down over the shoal to the steamer�s side. A large
number of men were at work making ready to break the cargo; others were
running out anchors to prevent her being driven any further ashore,
and yet another crew was gathering up the odds and ends which had been
driven ashore.

Half a dozen small boats were moving back and forth from the steamer
to the shore, and after surveying the scene from the cliff until the
chilling wind suggested a retreat, Sam Hardy said:

�It wouldn�t be a bad idea to go on board, lad. What do you say to
looking the old hooker over?�

�Do you think they�ll allow us on her, sir?�

�I reckon there won�t be any great row about it, lad. After what our
crew, an� especially you, have done, it would be odd if we should be
warned to keep off.�

Benny was eager for a nearer view of the steamer, and Sam led the way
down to the narrow beach where so much of heroism had been displayed.

�Hello, mates, will you take us off to the wreck?� Sam cried to four
men who were launching a surf-boat bearing the name of a well-known
wrecking tug.

�That we will, although I should think you might have seen enough
already of yonder steamer,� one of the party replied cheerily.

�We had too big a job on our hands to spend very much time in looking
her over; but it�s possible to take things easier this morning, an� I�d
like to see how badly she�s been punished,� Sam replied as he and Benny
stood by to take their places in the boat.

�She isn�t in bad shape, an� if the weather holds good we�ll soon have
her afloat,� he who was in charge of the boat said in a matter-of-fact
tone, and after they had put off he asked, nodding toward Benny:

�Is that lad a member of the crew?�

�Ay, that he is, an� one who don�t spend much idle time when we�re
pushed, as was the case when this steamer came ashore.�

�Where�s the boy who hauled the two sailors out of the water? The
steamer�s captain was tellin� about it.�

�This is the same identical lad,� Sam replied with a laugh.

�That little shaver couldn�t haul his own weight through such a surf
as was runnin� when yonder craft struck the shoal,� the man replied
decidedly, giving no more than a passing glance at Benny, who looked
even smaller than ever beneath the huge pea-jacket.

�But he did, matey, an,� what�s more, set about it in sailor-like
fashion, finishin� the job as quickly as you or I could have done it.�

Then Sam went into the details of the rescue effected by Benny, while
the lad kept his face turned seaward lest the men should see and laugh
at his blushes.

�Well, that beats me!� the sailor at the helm cried when Sam�s story
was come to an end. �A lad who can do such a trick as that while
everything is in confusion, as it must have been then, has good stuff
in him.�

�That�s what he has,� Sam replied proudly, �an� we put on a good many
airs because he belongs to our crew.�

From this moment Benny received far more attention than was altogether
agreeable to him. The crew of the surf-boat told those on board the
steamer that he was the lad who had displayed so much bravery and
sound common-sense when human lives were in danger, and every man
seemed eager to give him some word of praise, until the boy was so
uncomfortable in mind that he wished heartily he had never been tempted
to visit the wreck.

The workmen had more important matters to occupy their attention,
however, and after devoting a few moments to No. 8 they left him alone
with Sam Hardy, who said with a hearty laugh:

�You�ve made a big reputation for yourself, lad, and this summer, when
visitors come out to the station, as they do nearly every pleasant day,
we�ll be obliged to trot you and Fluff C. Foster out on parade as our
swell life savers.�

�Then I sha�n�t want to stay there. I wouldn�t have come over here if
I�d known the men would say so much.�

�Why, surely, you�re not ashamed of yesterday�s work, lad?�

�Not because I helped the men ashore; but it makes me feel mean to hear
people praising me for doing what any other fellow would have done. It
must be a pretty poor kind of a boy who couldn�t throw a rope out to a
drowning man, and I�d missed both of them if the wind hadn�t sent the
coils in a different direction from which I was aiming.�

�Well, Benjamin, allow it all to be as you�ve said, you�ll have to put
up with some praise for a spell, an� then folks will forget it, for in
this world a fellow can�t live very long on what he�s done in the past.
They�re takin� off the hatches now, an� I�m minded to have a look at
the hold of this �ere craft. Come on.�

Benny followed, but there was to him nothing particularly interesting
in the cargo, and as it could not be seen from the deck, he left Sam
and went aft, where he might watch the movements of the tugs as they
pulled the lighters here and there in such position that the wind and
current would send them down over the shoal to the wreck.

This last portion of the work soon engrossed the attention of all the
wrecking crew, including those who had been making an examination of
the steamer�s hold, for considerable difficulty was experienced in
moving the heavy lighters to and fro, and after a time Benny realized
that he and Sam were the only ones left aboard the steamer.

�We�ll be obliged to stay here till one of the boats is alongside,� he
said to himself, and then came the thought that he was spending too
much time in pleasuring when he should be attending to his regular
duties in the station kitchen.

�Perhaps Mr. Hardy will be ready to go now,� he said, running forward
toward the hatch where the surfman had last been seen.

The decks were deserted, and he saw no signs of life on the ship.
It was as if he had been abandoned, and but for the many craft near
at hand he might have had a very disagreeable sensation of utter
loneliness. As a matter of fact, something much like a shudder of fear
came over him with the first knowledge that he was alone; but he forced
it back with a laugh as he said aloud:

�If people could know that I�m almost afraid of being here, even though
there are an hundred men within hail, I wouldn�t need to bother my head
about being called a hero when I don�t deserve the name.�

As he ceased speaking an odd, indistinct murmur came from the dark
hold, causing him to step back toward the rail quickly; but he advanced
again an instant later, angry with himself for being such a coward.

Once more came that strange noise; but, half-expecting it, Benny held
his ground, determined to learn the cause, since, until Sam Hardy
should return, he had nothing better with which to occupy himself.

Leaning over the hatch he peered down into the darkness.

The space between decks was apparently empty, and he heard the water
gurgling far below in the lower hold.

�That must be what I heard,� he said, speaking aloud, and the words had
no more than been uttered when it seemed as if amid the gurgling noise
he could distinguish his own name.

�Ahoy!� he cried, smiling to think he should be so foolish as to answer
the water; but an instant later his face grew pale as he heard plainly
the words:

�Benny! Benny Foster!�

There was but one in the vicinity who would thus address him, and
although it seemed impossible Sam Hardy could be in that apparently
empty hold, he leaned far over as he shouted:

�Is that you, Mr. Hardy?�

�Ay, lad, come quick! I can�t hold out much longer!�

Now Benny was alarmed, and with good cause.

Leading down to the second deck was a single stanchion; the ladder had
been torn or carried away. Heeled over as the steamer was, this timber
stood at an inclination of forty-five degrees, and at its foot the deck
had about the same inclination in the opposite direction.

Benny waited only so long as was necessary in order to throw off his
pea-jacket, and then slipped down the stanchion, holding hard on
reaching the deck below lest he should slide to port.

Here all was darkness, save for the square of gray light that marked
the location of the hatch, and the lad tried in vain to pierce it with
his eyes in search for the surfman.

�Where are you, Mr. Hardy?� he cried falteringly. �I can�t make out
anything.�

�Hanging by a rope below the second hatchway. It swings so far to port
that I can�t pull myself up, and I don�t dare to drop for fear the
distance may be too great. Lean over and try to get hold of me, lad; I
only need a little aid, for it is possible to help myself a good bit.�

Now it was only necessary Benny should feel along the upper side of the
hatchway in order to find the rope by which the surfman was suspended,
and the first thought was that he could readily pull his comrade up.

With the deck at such an inclination he could get no secure foothold,
and the first attempt was sufficient to show him that the task was
beyond his strength.

�Can you wait till I go on the upper deck?� he asked anxiously. �There
are plenty of men close by; but all hands have left the steamer.�

�Go ahead, lad, but move quickly. I�ve hung here until it seems as if
my arms were pulled out of their sockets.�

Benny sought the stanchion by which he had descended, and, gaining it,
soon understood that he could no more work his way unaided to the top
than Hardy could swarm up the rope while it swung so far away from the
side of the vessel.

It seemed to him as if he had spent many minutes in the vain task, when
in reality no more than a dozen seconds had been sufficient in which
to prove that it was useless, and then he allowed himself to fall back
again toward where the rope was made fast.

�I can�t get up,� he cried in a tearful voice. �Suppose I lean way over
the hatch till you can get hold of my arms? The two of us should be
able to work it in that fashion.�

�I�d pull you down, lad; there�s no use in trying anything like that.
If it�s certain you can�t get on deck, I�ll take the chances of what
may be below, an� drop.�

�Don�t do it! Don�t do it! Let me try just once!� and without waiting
for a reply Benny bent far over the combing of the hatch, twining his
legs around the stanchion.

By letting himself down nearly at full length he found to his great joy
that he could touch the surfman�s shoulders.

�Now I�ll get hold, and you shall put your arms around my neck,� he
cried as if asking some great favor.

�Don�t try it, lad, for I�ll surely drag you down. It may be that I can
drop without much hurt, and even a broken bone to one, is better than
for us to fall together.�

�Try it!� Benny screamed, seizing Sam by the neck. �Get hold of me!�

The surfman had no alternative, unless the boy should loosen his hold,
and, letting go of the rope with one hand, he clasped the other around
Benny�s arms.

�Now get hold with the other, and then shin up! I can hold on here
quite a spell!�

Even now the heavy strain was beginning to tell upon the lad, and Sam
understood that if anything was to be accomplished it must be done in
the shortest possible space of time.

Wearied though he was by his previous vain exertions, he put forth all
his strength for the last effort, and in so doing knew full well he
inflicted grievous pain upon the little fellow who was ready to take
any chances in order to aid him.

With a firm hold of Benny�s body the surfman was enabled to climb
upward, and in a few seconds, which must have seemed to the boy like
ten times that number of minutes, he succeeded in clutching the combing
of the hatch.

Dragging himself over he seized No. 8�s legs, and none too soon, for
the boy�s strength was exhausted, and at the very instant Sam grasped
him he was forced to let go his hold.

A moment later the two were lying along the side of the hatch panting
for breath, but in no further danger of a fall, and some time elapsed
before the silence was broken.

Then Sam said, groping about in the darkness for Benny�s hands, and
holding them firmly as he spoke:

�It may be, lad, that I made all that trouble for nothing. It is
possible the cargo was within a few inches of my feet as I hung on
the rope; but that I couldn�t know, and it was the fear of shattering
a bone which caused me to hold on and yell for help. A surfman with
a broken leg might lose a whole season�s work, seein� �s the damage
wouldn�t have been done in line of duty.�

�It�s lucky I heard you. If all hands hadn�t left the steamer, perhaps
I shouldn�t have tried to find out where you had gone.�

�Do you know, lad, that you did a brave thing in takin� the chances of
my pullin� you into the hold with me?�

�I do hope you won�t make such talk, Mr. Hardy,� Benny cried
pleadingly. �I ain�t brave, for I was terribly frightened when that
queer noise came out of the hold.�

�I noticed that you kept on trying to find out what it was.�

�Yes, sir, because I�d been ashamed to have it said I was scared at a
noise.�

�Well, hark you, Benny, I won�t say anything more about your being a
little hero, although I may think so just the same, and in return you
shall keep quiet about this bit of trouble.�

�Don�t you want any one to know of it, sir?�

�Indeed, I don�t, No. 8. It wouldn�t sound very well if you should tell
that an old hand like Sam Hardy let himself into the hold of a wreck by
a rope which he couldn�t come back on. The boys never�d stop making fun
of me, an� more especially if it turns out that I was hangin� all that
time within two or three feet of the cargo. Now, is it a bargain that
both of us are to keep this �ere business a profound secret?�

�I�ll never tell, sir, though I can�t see that you have anything to be
ashamed of, for nobody would want to take such chances as might have
come. But how are we going to get out? While the steamer is heeled over
so badly I can�t climb up the stanchion.�

�We�ll hold on a spell, till you�re rested, and then I can give you a
lift up on my shoulder.�

�I�m ready to try now, sir. I wasn�t very tired--only for a minute or
two.�

�You�re a lad after my own heart, Benjamin, an� so long as I have a
dollar or a shelter, half of it belongs to you! Now then, get up on
my shoulder, an� once we�re on deck it�s the same as if this foolish
thing never happened, except when we two are alone.�

Benny scrambled up as Sam had directed, and then the surfman,
cautioning him to keep his knees stiff, lifted the lad straight above
his head until he could seize the hatch-combing.

Once on deck he let down a length of rope, and Sam Hardy was soon
released from his temporary prison.

�I reckon I�d better get back to the station right away, or I�ll be
getting into more mischief, like some youngster,� the surfman said
grimly as he shouted to the crew of a small boat at hand to take him
ashore.

The captain of one of the wrecking tugs came alongside at this moment,
and, seeing Sam, cried.

�Don�t be in a hurry, Hardy. I�m going to have a look at the cargo, and
you�d better go with me. It�ll be interesting to find out how well it
was stowed.�

�Do you know what she�s loaded with?�

�Pig-iron.�

�It won�t interest me to see it, and, besides, I�ve been down in the
hold quite a spell already.�

�How are things there?�

�To tell the truth, I didn�t see very much; I had business of my own
before I�d been there many minutes. You�ll need a lantern.�

Then Sam went over the rail into the boat which had come alongside to
take him off, Benny following close behind as a matter of course, and
when the two were on shore again the surfman said:

�It would have been odd if I�d dropped onto that metal without doing
myself some serious injury. There�s no longer any question, lad, but
that you pulled me out of a bad place.�

�I�m glad,� Benny replied emphatically.

�Accordin� to my way of thinkin� there�d be more reason for gladness if
I had never been such a bloomin� idiot as to go down there.�

�Perhaps so, sir; but, so long as you did, I�m glad I was the one who
pulled you out, for it�s likely to be the only chance I�ll ever have of
doing you a favor.�

�I�m not so certain of that, No. 8, if you stay around the station as
long as we�ll be glad to have you. In this life of ours there are many
times when a fellow�s mate can do very much toward savin� his life, an�
you�re just the kind of a comrade who can be depended upon to do pretty
near the right thing at the right time.�

Never since the morning when he first found himself in the life-saving
station had Benny felt so proud and happy as at this moment, and he
walked by Sam Hardy�s side unable to speak because of the great joy in
his heart.




CHAPTER XV.

LIVELY WORK.


When Sam Hardy and Benny returned to the life-saving station no mention
was made regarding the misadventure on board the wreck, although the
former described in detail to his comrades all he had seen on or around
the steamer.

Benny�s greatest fear was lest the cook might question him so closely
that it would become necessary to remain silent or betray the secret,
and then the crew would understand that the two had had some unpleasant
experience.

Fortunately, however, all hands applied to Sam for information, and
he was able to lead the conversation into some other channel whenever
anything was said regarding the hold of the steamer.

Then some sailors from one of the tugs came into the station, and the
crew no longer showed any desire to learn what Hardy and No. 8 had
seen, much to the relief of the latter.

Benny and Fluff spent several hours during the afternoon with the
lookout on the hill, and when Keeper Downey hove in sight the lad
walked slowly toward the station, whispering to the dog in his arms:

�It won�t do, Fluffy to rush right up the minute Mr. Downey gets back
and ask to see the uniform; but I do hope it won�t be very long before
he shows us what he has brought.�

By the time Benny arrived at the boat-house door the keeper was mooring
his dory, and a few moments later the lad saw him step ashore with a
package in his arms so large that it hid at least half of his body from
view.

�He has really brought the clothes, Fluffy, and it oughtn�t to be such
a dreadful while before we can look at them, because supper won�t be
ready for two hours, and he�ll have nothing else to do except show all
hands what the tailor has made.�

Benny was not kept long in suspense. As Tom Downey approached the
building he cried to the expectant lad:

�Come into the mess-room, No. 8; I�ve brought home all your finery, and
the crew will be wantin� to see how you look in the uniform.�

Benny answered the summons hastily, and Fluff ran at his heels barking
shrilly, as if he had some personal interest in that which the keeper
was carrying.

With the exception of Robbins, who was acting as lookout, every member
of the crew was awaiting Tom Downey�s arrival when he entered, looking
particularly cheerful.

�I�ve got all I went for, and a little besides,� he said, still holding
the package in his arms. �What�s more, I haven�t taken advantage of
you fellows by looking at the toggery. It was wrapped up when I got to
the tailor�s, and beyond the little he told me, I know no more about
what�s inside the paper than you do. Now I propose that Benny take this
bundle, go up-stairs, put on the uniform, and dazzle us all by suddenly
appearing as a full-fledged life-saver.�

�That�s the way to fix it!� Sam Hardy cried enthusiastically. �Get
along, No. 8, an� don�t spend too much time primpin�, for we�re achin�
to get a sight of you in brass buttons.�

Benny did as he was bidden, and a few moments after he had disappeared
up the stairway those below heard an exclamation of astonishment,
followed an instant later by the question:

�What�s that other thing, Mr. Downey?�

�The tailor said he�d put in something on his own account for Fluff.
Try it on and send him down.�

The crew were wholly at a loss to understand the meaning of this brief
conversation until the dog came down-stairs at full speed, yelping and
barking as if in the highest state of excitement and pleasure.

A roar of laughter burst from the men when the little fellow sat up on
his tail in the centre of the room, as if asking that he be admired.
Over his silken white hair was strapped a tiny, blue broadcloth
blanket, on the two rear corners of which was worked in white silk the
letters �L. S. S.,� so disposed as to form a fanciful monogram.

�Three cheers for No. 9!� Joe Cushing cried, and this was responded
to with such good-will that Fluff hurriedly ran back to his master,
thoroughly frightened by the noisy demonstration.

�Don�t he look great?� Benny cried, and Tom Downey replied with a laugh:

�Indeed he does, lad; but you needn�t stay up there admiring him, for
we�re more anxious to see your rig.�

Then, moving slowly and shyly, as if almost ashamed of his fine
feathers, Benny made his appearance on the stairs, and it was an
exclamation of genuine admiration with which he was greeted. The little
fellow looked manly in the neatly fitting suit of blue, bedecked with
brass buttons, and very proud withal, for, although he considered
himself a member of the crew, the fact had never seemed so real to him
as at this moment when he was attired as a life saver.

The deep crimson blood came into his cheeks as he stood before the men,
in obedience to orders, turning here and there as one or the other
dictated, and listening all the while to words of praise and genuine
admiration.

�It�s all right, No. 8,� Sam Hardy said at length. �I was almost afraid
that tailor might rig you out like a jumping-jack, with a lot of
folderols that had no place on a life saver�s uniform; but he�s gone
straight with the orders I gave him, an� the job couldn�t be improved
on.�

�Don�t forget that you�re to go into town with me when next I have
leave of absence,� Joe Cushing cried, and then some one called
attention to Fluff, who was sitting on the topmost step, still clad in
uniform, wagging his tail vigorously as if asking whether it would be
safe for him to venture down.

�Call your partner, No. 8, an� let�s see how the two of you look
together.�

During fully five minutes Benny and Fluff were forced to walk here or
there in order that the men might have good opportunity for seeing them
in all possible lights, and then Mr. Downey suggested that the lad show
himself in civilian�s garb.

No. 8 obeyed very readily, almost glad to escape from that atmosphere
of praise, and when he next appeared it was in a suit of clothes such
as any well-dressed boy ten or twelve years of age would be expected
to display.

[Illustration]

A blue blouse with a rolling collar, sailor-fashion, knickerbockers,
stockings, and a jacket of the same color, the clothing trimmed neatly
with white braid, made of him, as Dick Sawyer said, �a perfect little
gentleman.�

�You look best in whichever you happen to have on when you heave in
sight,� Sam Hardy said admiringly. �Ain�t it goin� to be quite a
come-down to get into your old pea-jacket an� sou�wester?�

�I�ll feel more like myself then,� Benny said emphatically. �It don�t
seem right for me to be dressed up so fine, and most likely it ain�t.�

�There�s nothin� too good for you, accordin� to my way of thinkin�, No.
8, so don�t get such queer ideas into your head. How does young Mr.
Foster feel about it?�

�Do you know, I believe he�s proud of his blanket? I tried to take it
off before we came down, and he growled terribly.�

�It�ll be a good thing for him when the weather is biting cold, an�
you�d better let him wear it a spell.�

Then Benny went up-stairs again in order to change his clothes once
more, preparatory to assisting the cook, and a stranger would have
found it difficult to decide whether the boy or the crew of men were
most pleased because of the new clothes.

During the four days which followed the arrival of the uniform, No. 8
was kept busily employed about the station, except during such times as
he went on patrol with Sam Hardy.

Because of the wreckers in the vicinity, and the many visitors who
came to see the stranded steamer, it seemed as if the buildings were
thronged with strangers during the greater portion of each day, and
when the lad was not at work in the kitchen, he found quite as much as
he could conveniently do in �cleaning up� after the careless ones, who
appeared to think it would make little difference to a �crew of men� if
a greater or less amount of mud or snow was brought in on the cleanly
scrubbed floors.

�If the steamer ain�t hauled off mighty soon, No. 8 will wear himself
down to skin an� bone, trying to make the place look tidy,� Dick Sawyer
said after a party of slovenly visitors had taken their departure. �It
makes me tired to see him running around from mornin� till night with
a swab in his hands, an� ten minutes after he�s scrubbed every board
clean, a fresh layer of dirt is brought in.�

�He�ll get a rest by to-morrow, I�m thinking,� Joe Cushing replied,
�an� it wouldn�t surprise me such a terrible sight if all the wreckers�
work was undone before twenty-four hours go by.�

�We may get a little blow from the eastward, but I ain�t countin�
on anything that can be called a storm,� Dick said carelessly as he
followed No. 8 into the oil-room.

Before night had come there were many in and around the station who
shared Joe Cushing�s opinion as to the weather.

Everything about the wreck was made as snug as possible; extra hawsers
were run out, the hatches battened down, and the lighters anchored in
deep water.

Instead of lying off the cove when the day�s work was done, the tugs
ran over to the city, and all the small boats were hauled up beyond
reach of the waves.

Sam Hardy was the first to go on patrol this night, and, as a matter
of course, Benny accompanied him, for since the affair in the hold of
the steamer the surfman had appeared more than usually eager for the
companionship of his young comrade.

�We�re gettin� the fat of the work this night,� Hardy said as the two
left the building.

�What do you mean by that? Ain�t we going to stay out the full four
hours?�

�Indeed we are, lad; but the wind won�t get up much before midnight,
an� when it does come I�m thinkin� it will bring rain.�

�Then you believe as Mr. Cushing does?�

�I�m not lookin�, as Joe is, for anything very heavy, but allow it
won�t be pleasant for the patrol who comes after us.�

Save that the wind was blowing freshly, Benny saw no indications of a
storm, and whatever might have been the appearance of the sky, it would
have had no meaning for him after Sam Hardy delivered his opinion.

Their beat led them past where the stranded steamer lay, now
considerably more than half unloaded, and at this point a long halt was
made.

As yet the surf had not risen, although the wind had been steadily
increasing in force since sunset, and the lighters rose and fell on the
gentle swell with but little tugging at their cables. White foam around
the wreck told that the rising tide was churning against her sides; but
with no more force than while the wreckers had been at work.

To Benny, particularly after hearing Hardy�s opinion, there was no
reason for the life savers to feel disturbed in mind, and, when the
tour of duty having come to an end, he returned to the station, it was
with the belief that the repose of the crew would be undisturbed.

He was exceedingly tired, as he had been every night since the stranded
steamer attracted so many visitors, and went to bed immediately after
entering the building, failing to observe what at another time might
have drawn his attention--that every member of the crew yet remained in
the mess-room as if anticipating a sudden call to duty.

It seemed to him that he must have been asleep several hours when
Fluff�s shrill barking aroused him, and, sitting bolt upright in bed
he observed, much to his surprise, that none of the men, with the
exception of the cook, who regularly retired at an early hour, had been
in the sleeping-room.

[Illustration]

Covering Fluff�s mouth to still his barking, Benny listened.

It was evident Joe Cushing had just come in from patrol, and was making
a report of rather an alarming nature.

�In addition to the laboring of the steamer, one of the lighters
appears to be dragging anchor, and if she sweeps down upon the
stranded craft there�ll be no more work for the wreckers.�

Benny was out of bed in an instant, for he knew that the crew would
set about repairing the mischief without delay, and it was not his
intention to be left behind.

[Illustration]

Dressing hurriedly, he descended the stairs just as the men were
putting on their oiled clothing, and without comment he began following
their example.

�Hello, No. 8, what are you about?� the keeper asked.

�Ain�t the crew going out, sir?�

�Yes; but not on what you might call life-saving work. It�s only a
�longshore job of caring for lighters, with more hard work than glory
in it. We may be knocking around from one of those tubs to the other
until daylight, and it�ll be wiser for you to stay under cover.�

Benny immediately removed the coat he had put on; but it could readily
be seen that he was sorely disappointed at thus being advised to remain
in the station, for advice from the keeper was to him nothing less than
a positive command.

�It�ll grieve him mightily to be here while we�re at work,� Sam Hardy
whispered to Mr. Downey, and the latter replied:

�It�s easier for him to feel sorry than to be knocking around with us
all night, for I�m thinkin� this is a job that ain�t soon to be ended.�

�It won�t be as hard for him as to stay here with the cook. No. 8 ain�t
a lad who�s afraid of work, as he�s shown us every day since he came.�

Tom Downey hesitated a moment, and then said slowly, as does one who is
not certain that he speaks wisely:

�If you had rather take the chances with us, when we�re setting out to
do nothing more than get a lot of scows into shape, come along, Benny.
It was only in order to save you a long spell of hard work that I
proposed you should stay behind.�

�If it don�t make any difference to you, sir, I�d much rather go,�
Benny replied in a low tone. �It wouldn�t seem that I really was No. 8
if the crew went away without me.�

�Get into your oil-skins, since you�re so greedy for hard work, lad,
an� we�ll start. You�ll see this night the dullest piece of drudgery
that life savers were ever put to.�

Benny�s face was actually aglow with pleasure when this permission
had been given, and before the foremost of the crew could leave the
mess-room he was clad in his oiled clothing, eager to share whatever
might be the portion of his comrades.

To the boy�s delight, the life-boat was to be used for the work. He had
never been on board of her, and it would indeed have seemed hard had
this opportunity been denied him.

Not until the buoyant craft had been pulled out beyond the point did
No. 8 realize that in his weather predictions Sam Hardy had made a
failure. The wind was blowing freshly from the northeast, the rain was
falling, and the waves had risen until the heavy boat was flung about
like a cork.

The crew plied their oars in silence; all evidently looked upon the
work of securing the lighters in exactly the same light as did Tom
Downey--as drudgery,--and there was nothing to animate them. If a
vessel with a crew on board had been in distress, each man would have
been on the alert and eager, straining every muscle without thought of
fatigue, instead of which they were now dispirited.

Not until they were within fifty yards of the lighter which lay nearest
the point, could Benny distinguish any object on the rolling waters,
and then he began to understand how difficult a task had the crew taken
upon themselves.

The huge fabrics, hardly more than scows, were wallowing in the waves,
sending up great clouds of spray when the seas broke with a noise
like thunder under the square bows or sterns, and the lad, ignorant
though he was regarding such work, knew full well that it would be more
difficult to board one of the hulks than to clamber over the rail of an
ordinary wreck.

The order was given to �cease rowing,� and as the oars were held firmly
in the water to prevent the life-boat from being blown at the mercy
of the wind, Keeper Downey studied how he might best accomplish the
difficult task.

�They are all dragging their anchors,� he said after a brief silence.

�Yes, and would in this shallow water, no matter what weight of metal
they had out,� Dick Sawyer grumbled. �If the wreckers are willing to
leave their hulks on such a shore as this, without so much as a single
man aboard, it would serve them right to lose the whole boiling.�

�We�ve got to board that lighter!� Downey finally exclaimed, giving no
heed to Dick�s grumbling. �It won�t be a nice job, boys, but must be
done, else those hulks will be driven down upon the steamer. Stand by,
1, 2, 4, and 5,� he added, designating the men by their numbers.

No protest was made, although the life savers knew they were ordered to
far more dangerous work than would be theirs if human lives were to be
wrested from the waters.

The men referred to hauled in their oars, and the remainder of the
crew, Benny doing his best with the heavy implement Sam had been
wielding, worked the life-boat around until she was to leeward of the
lighter.

�Jump when I give the word, and then slack away on the cables. Look
around for spare anchors! If any be found, heave them out; but remember
that you must work lively! Are you ready? jump!�

The four men leaped as one, and the life-boat was hurled back by the
impetus until a dozen yards of water tumbled between her and the
lighter.

A long sigh of relief escaped from Benny�s lips as he saw that his
comrades had gained a safe footing on the rolling, pitching hulk, and
then it was necessary that he give his undivided attention to working
the oar, lest the waves should wrest it from his grasp.

Downey�s purpose was to keep the life-boat under the lee of the
lighter to lessen the labor of his men, and even this was an extremely
difficult matter, for the sea increased in violence momentarily, while
there were but three men and a boy at the oars.

Hardy, Cushing, Sawyer, and Henderson were the men detailed for the
work of securing the heavy hulk, and there were none among the crew
stronger or more able to perform the task, yet it was soon seen that
they were working at a great disadvantage owing to lack of numbers.

�There are no spare anchors here!� Hardy cried out after he had been on
board the unwieldy craft ten minutes or more. �There�s only an apology
for a windlass, an� I question if it won�t go by the board before many
hours.�

�Give her more scope, for it�s all we can do, and get on board again
smartly; the lighter nearest inshore is dragging badly,� Downey shouted
in reply.

As was afterward learned, the men had but just loosened the carelessly
laid turns from the shaky windlass when a huge sea lifted the stern of
the lighter high in the air, and, passing forward, allowed the heavy
after part to drop into the trough of the sea with a snap that would
have tested the timbers of a strong vessel.

Those on board the life-boat heard a crashing and rending as of wood;
saw the huge hulk rise again on a wave, and then came the cry from Joe
Cushing:

�The windlass has gone!�

Even as he spoke it seemed as if the heavy fabric, lifting such a
height of side against the wind that it acted as a sail, literally
leaped forward directly upon the life-boat.

�Stern all! Lively, boys! Lively!�

Benny laid all his strength against the huge oar, and yet he could not
push it back so much as an inch; but his efforts might have been of
some avail in connection with the quick, muscular work of the others,
and the boat was forced out of the way only so much as was absolutely
necessary. The failure of an inch in distance, and she must have been
crushed by the ponderous weight which overhung her until Benny felt
certain they would be swamped.

This necessary man�uvre exposed the life-boat to the full force of the
wind, and before she could be brought round again, half-manned as she
was, fully fifty yards of water separated her from the lighter whereon
were the four life savers now turned mariners in distress.

Because no one of his companions spoke, Benny believed the danger which
menaced his comrades on the hulk to be very great, and a sensation of
faintness came over him as he thought that perhaps he might never
again clasp the hands of those whom he had learned to love.

With a full crew on the life-boat it would have been a comparatively
easy task to rescue the men from the lighter; but under the
circumstances it was difficult work to even so much as hold her against
the wind, and in the meanwhile the huge craft was approaching the
breakers at a speed that must soon put her beyond reach of help.

�Put your very life into the oars, boys!� Downey cried appealingly. �We
must lay her so near alongside that we can pass our comrades a rope,
for we can�t hope to help them from the shore!�

Every one, including Benny, had been working to the full extent of his
power, yet it seemed now as if still greater strength was laid on the
oars, as Downey shouted to their comrades:

�Stand by for a line, boys! Make it fast, and come in on it. I see no
other chance!�

�Let her drift in on the shoal!� Hardy cried.

�There are too big odds against all of us using your line, an� we�ll
hold on a spell after she strikes. You four can manage the surf-boat,
an� I allow there�s time to get it.�

�He�s right!� the keeper exclaimed. �I must have lost my head when I
thought they could come in hand-over-hand while there�s such a sea on.
Buckle to the oars, boys! We�ll make the station if we can; but if
not, beach this craft as near as possible. We�ve a poor crew indeed,
if our comrades are allowed to drown while they�ve got so many timbers
under them!�

While speaking he had swung the boat around head on to the shore, and
every man tugged and strained at his ashen blade, while Downey lent all
possible assistance with the steering oar.

�We�ll never make the station!� Benny heard Robbins, who was directly
in front of him mutter, and almost at the same instant the keeper cried
hoarsely:

�We must take our chances in the cove, boys. No. 8, get hold of a cork
jacket and come aft before we strike!�




CHAPTER XVI.

CAST ASHORE.


Benny understood the command given by Keeper Downey, but could not
make up his mind as to how it might be obeyed. It seemed to him in the
highest degree important that he keep to work with the oar, and yet he
could not lay hold of a life-preserver without dropping it.

After having thus attended to the boy�s safety so far as was possible,
the keeper turned all his attention to the work of so steering the
life-boat that she would strike the shore at the least dangerous point.

The huge lighter, on which could be seen indistinctly the forms of the
four men, was being driven rapidly toward the stranded steamer, and it
was not necessary one should have much experience in such matters to
understand that if she struck the wreck there was little hope the four
men could gain the shore alive.

If the crew had been on the cliff with the beach-apparatus, watching
others being swept down the coast in such fashion, it would not have
appeared to be a particularly dangerous position, because a line could
be fired across the wreck, or the surf-boat pulled to wheresoever the
lighter might come to grief.

Now, however, there was no one on shore to lend assistance, and, as a
matter of fact, every member of the crew was in extreme peril.

Benny watched his helpless comrades as he pulled at the oar while
awaiting the opportunity to lay hold of a life-preserver, and,
observing that he was not yet prepared for what lay before them,
Robbins asked sharply:

�Didn�t you hear what the keeper said?�

�Yes, sir; but I can�t reach one of the jackets without dropping my
oar.�

�Let it go, then! None of us are doing very much good now while the
wind has such a firm grip on us, and your strength won�t be missed.
This is the time when you must have your wits well about you, lad, and
it�s no easy matter to keep a clear head while floundering in the surf.�

�Is it certain we�ll all be thrown out?� Benny asked as he took up one
of the jackets and began adjusting it.

�There�s no help for it. If we�re lucky, it may be possible to get
the surf-boat afloat before that lumberin� lighter strikes; but I�m
doubtful as to our succeeding. In all my experience on this coast I
never before saw the life savers so completely knocked out as they
appear to be now.�

The four men on the unwieldy craft could be seen making such provisions
for their own safety as was possible under the circumstances. Just
abaft of where the windlass had stood was a narrow hatchway leading
to the shallow hold, and around the combing of this they ran a short
length of rope to form a life-line. It was a poor makeshift, but one on
which might depend the lives of four men.

In a single hurried glance Benny saw that Sam Hardy was stripping off
the greater portion of his clothing preparatory to the battle with the
surf, and that the others were peering ahead in the gloom as if trying
to decide at which point the lighter would take the land.

Meanwhile the life-boat had been racing toward the shore with
marvellous rapidity, flung forward by both wind and wave, and those
on board had no more than time in which to get a general view of the
surroundings before she was being tossed to and fro in the broken water
which extended a hundred yards or more from the coast-line.

�Stand ready, boys!� Tom Downey shouted, still doing his utmost to
guide the light craft by means of the steering-oar. �Leap clear if she
turns over! Robbins, have a care of Benny; but don�t try to do more
than keep his head above water till some of us can give you a lift!�

�Take hold of the back of my coat,� the surfman said to the lad an
instant after these orders had been given. �After I have jumped, do
your best to keep on my shoulders, and, above all, don�t lose your
courage. Surely we, whose business it is to save life in the surf,
should be able to go through yonder broken water alive.�

�Don�t pay any attention to me, Mr. Robbins,� Benny replied, trying his
best, and almost successfully, to speak in a firm tone. �You can save
yourself, and it ain�t fair to be bothered with me.�

There was no time in which to say anything more. Already was the
life-boat rising on the crest of a gigantic wave which promised to drop
her on the shoal twenty yards or more to seaward of low-water mark, and
all knew that the supreme moment had come.

Not until this instant did Tom Downey relinquish the steering-oar,
and the others, including Benny, mentally braced themselves for the
struggle which was close at hand.

Had the men been in the lighter surf-boat, the wave might have carried
them beyond reach of danger; but the larger craft struck the bottom
some distance from the shore, and it seemed to Benny as if the stern
was flung directly over the bow.

The upheaving of the boat threw him far out over the water before he
had time to leap, and ere Robbins had taken hold of him.

�Don�t lose your courage!�

These words which Robbins had spoken were ringing in the lad�s ears as
he was plunged head foremost into the boiling waters, and he strove
rather to keep his wits about him than to strike out for the shore.

He was conscious of coming in contact with the bottom, and then, as
he rose to the surface, of being drawn back forcibly by the undertow,
after which he threw his arms above his head lest he should be dashed
against a rock.

It seemed as if he was whirled to and fro violently, then flung
inshore, only to be dragged back again, and after that came a
bewildering, sickening sensation, until it seemed as if some heavy
object was pressing directly above him.

Involuntarily he clutched at it, and found a rope in his grasp.

An instant of confusion, and then he realized that he was floating by
the side of the life-boat.

The craft had righted itself after being up-ended, for, unless serious
damage had been done her hull, she would always swim in proper fashion,
and it so chanced the waves had carried her directly over the lad who,
by remaining passive in the surf, had done exactly that which was best
calculated to insure his safety.

�I won�t lose my courage!� Benny said stoutly, and his own words served
to animate him.

He hauled on the rope until finding that it was made fast inside the
craft, when, by exerting all his strength, it was possible to clamber
inboard, although by so doing the boat was filled to the gunwales with
water.

�With this jacket on, and in a life-boat, I can�t sink, and the only
fear is that I�ll be thrown against the rocks, the same as a life saver
whom Mr. Hardy knew,� Benny said to himself.

Then, clutching the thwart, the lad looked around him with the idea
that he might be able to render assistance to those of his companions
who had not succeeded in gaining a place of safety.

On the waves near at hand he could see nothing; but ashore was a small
group of men gazing toward him.

�Stand by for a line!� he heard Mr. Downey shout, and then all fear for
himself fled as he thought of those on the lighter.

�I am all right!� he cried at the full strength of his lungs. �I�ll
hold on here while you launch the surf-boat.�

He did not wait to hear the reply, but looked hurriedly around for the
lighter, and his breath came quick and fast as he saw the huge craft
almost upon him.

The wind was driving her down on a line with the stranded steamer, and
the life-boat, in her lee and sheltered from the gale, was being swept
by the undertow in the opposite direction.

Now he understood that there were other dangers than those of being
dashed against the rocks, and for an instant it seemed certain the end
had come.

He saw a human figure standing near the edge of the huge craft, and to
him he shouted wildly:

�Can�t you throw me a line?�

There was no time for a reply. Benny had hardly more than cried out
before the small boat was grating against the side of the hulk, and at
the same instant he who had been peering over the side leaped down.

The impetus given by the man�s body flung the life-boat to one side,
and in the merest fraction of time she was astern of the dangerous
fabric which swept onward, leaving a wake behind like that of a steamer.

�Is it you, No. 8?� a familiar voice cried, and Benny shouted in relief
and pleasure, for he knew Sam Hardy was with him once more.

�Where are the others?� he panted as Sam floundered to his side.

�Still on board the lighter; but I�m not allowin� there�s any great
danger for �em. It begins to look as if the clumsy hulk would clear
the stranded steamer, in which case they have only to hold on till the
surf-boat can be launched. Seein� the life-boat, I took the chances
of jumpin� so she wouldn�t be swept out to sea, for it would be queer
readin� if the Superintendent got a letter telling that we�d lost a
craft like her. How did you happen to be here alone?�

In the fewest possible words Benny explained what had happened, and
asked:

�How are we goin� to get ashore, Mr. Hardy?�

�That ain�t troublin� me so much just now as is the question of how
we�re goin� to keep her from bein� driven back against the cliff. So
far as I could see, all hands except you, got ashore without any very
great trouble, an� they�ll soon have the surf-boat over here. What we
must do is to keep off the rocks, an� that�ll be a reasonably hard job
with such a cargo of water as we�ve got aboard.�

�I can bail her.�

�As well try to dip up the ocean, for every wave is sweepin� over us
here in this broken water. We�re all right for a spell, an� there�s
nothin� to prevent our watchin� the others.�

Benny would have made an attempt to do whatever Sam Hardy might have
suggested, however wild or impossible, and now did his best at peering
through the gloom toward that dark mass which he knew was the lighter.

He could distinguish nothing on the shore; but the surfman, having had
more experience, declared that he could see quite plainly the forms of
their comrades.

�They don�t dare spend the time to go after the surf-boat, but will
trust to what they can do with ropes from the shore. The wreckers have
left enough gear behind to furnish each man with a life-line, and since
there�s no longer any danger the lighter will strike the steamer, it
won�t be a hard job to bring every fellow ashore. I�m still wonderin�
what made me jump when I saw the boat, Benny. It was a fool trick,
after yonder hulk had taken such a turn as showed she�d strike a sandy
bottom.�

�It was mighty lucky for me that you did come, sir.�

�Why, lad? I can�t do the first thing toward helpin� us out of this
plight, except by usin� the steerin�-oar when we�re nearer in shore,
an� you may as well have been alone.�

�I�d have been terribly frightened; but now everything is all right.�

Sam gathered the boy in his arms for an instant, but made no reply, and
during those few seconds it seemed as if the two were nearer in spirit
than they had ever been before.

�She�s struck!� the surfman cried at length, referring to the lighter,
and Benny saw a huge cloud of spray rise in the air as if against the
base of a cliff.

�When we first went adrift, Joe Cushing figgered that the danger of
bein� washed away wouldn�t be very great, provided she went clear of
the steamer, for the deck is so broad, and her depth so great, that the
waves won�t make a clean breach over her. In their places, I�d take the
chances of stayin� there till the tide falls, rather than trust to a
hand-rope through the surf.�

Sam continued to gaze first at the huge hulk and then at the shore,
regardless of his own danger, until Benny recalled him to the fact that
the life-boat was being driven directly toward a cliff of brown rocks a
quarter of a mile beyond where the life savers ashore were stationed.

�Hold on where you are till I give the word,� Sam cried as he unshipped
one of the spare oars from its beckets and swung it out over the stern.
�I�m not certain one man can do much more than hold this boat before
the wind, and if we find that she ain�t to be turned from her course,
we�ll try the surf again.�

�Can�t I help you?�

�Not a bit, lad, except by sittin� still an� obeyin� orders. Don�t be
frightened, for----�

�There�s nothing to scare me now you�re here,� Benny replied with
sublime confidence, and the surfman muttered a few words under his
breath, the purport of which Benny failed to hear.

From this moment the two in the boat ceased to pay any attention
to their comrades either on shore or aboard the lighter; their own
situation demanded every thought, and while Sam Hardy would not have
admitted as much to his companion, he was seriously concerned regarding
the possibility of warding off the threatening danger.

Freighted with water as the life-boat was, she sailed sluggishly before
the blast, with not sufficient headway to prevent the waves from
breaking over her continuously, and it was necessary her crew should
exercise every care to prevent themselves from being washed overboard.

There was no deviation from the course, however; straight toward that
frowning cliff the wind and waves forced her, and the surfman knew full
well, although he refrained from giving words to the fact, that it was
not in the power of man to aid them if they struck the rocks, where the
waves would beat them to and fro until life was crushed out.

�We must take to the water, Benny,� Sam Hardy said at length, doing his
best to speak in a cheery tone. �It ain�t an overly pleasant idee; but
goes �way ahead of stayin� aboard till we can�t help ourselves. Can you
swim any?�

�A little in smooth water.�

�You�ve got a cork jacket on?�

�Yes, sir, and it kept me up in great shape before, so you needn�t
bother about me, for I sha�n�t drown so long as I keep my courage.�

�I ain�t afraid but you�ll contrive to do that last. Now listen: we�re
goin� to take to the water mighty soon; I�ll go over, an� you�re to
follow close behind. Once we�re afloat, keep a firm hold of my shirt
collar from behind, an� see to it your grip is not loosened.�

�Please don�t try to drag me, Mr. Hardy. It�s certain you�ll come out
all right alone, an� I�m afraid----�

�Benny, I�d sooner never go ashore than get there without you,� Sam
replied, speaking very gravely; �so we won�t make any talk about that
part of it. Do as I�ve said, an� we�ll both be back at the station
to-morrow mornin�, or neither of us shows up there again. Are you
ready?�

�Whenever you say the word, sir,� Benny replied stoutly, although it
seemed as if his heart was in his throat.

�I hate to leave the life-boat, but the Government can easier buy a new
one than I can get another lease of life, so here goes. Stand close by
my side, No. 8, an� jump with me.�

The boy obeyed promptly, although the strongest man might well have
been excused for hesitating at such a leap.

[Illustration]

The water did not run in waves at this point, but swirled and foamed
over the rocks beneath in eddying circles which threatened to suck down
everything within reach until it was like a seething mass of boiling
yeast.

�There�s depth enough to prevent us from coming to harm against the
bottom,� Sam said reassuringly, �and we�ve only to swim a quarter of
a mile before gaining a good landing-place, even if Tom Downey don�t
send some one to help us. All ready, lad! Keep your wits about you, an�
leave the rest with me.�

Then Sam flung his arm around the boy�s waist, pressing the lad close
to him as he leaped.

Down, down, until it seemed to Benny as if they would never reach the
bottom, and then came the up-rising, followed by the blessed relief of
being able to breathe once more.

It had not been the lad�s purpose to follow Sam Hardy�s instructions to
the letter.

He had not intended to allow himself to be dragged through the waves
at risk of weighting down his comrade, but proposed to strike out for
himself; and the surfman must have feared some such intention, for,
fastening his teeth in the sleeve of Benny�s shirt, he held on as a dog
might have done.

The boy understood that Hardy could swim more easily if he held himself
up by clutching the latter�s shirt collar, and as soon as he did this
the surfman released his hold.

So low on the surface of the water were the two, it was impossible to
gain any idea of where the life savers or the hulk might be.

They were alone amid those angry, seething waters, and it was not
reasonable to suppose their comrades could see them.

Had he been dependent upon his own exertions, Benny must speedily have
succumbed to the violent buffeting of the waves; but Sam Hardy shielded
the lad whenever it was possible, in addition to dragging him past the
frowning rocks, and finally, after it seemed to the lad as if half
the night had been spent, they had arrived at a cove which offered a
comparatively safe landing-place.

�Stand up as soon as your feet touch bottom, and run for dear life,�
Hardy said, speaking for the first time since they had flung themselves
into the waves, and the words were no more than uttered when Benny was
able to obey.

Hand in hand the two fled from the raging waters, only to be overtaken
and hurled back at the very moment when it seemed as if a place of
safety had been gained, and then came another wearying, disheartening
conflict with the waves, during which Benny nearly lost his courage.

Once more it was possible to gain a foothold; once more they raced with
death, and this time the venture was successful. The two gained the
pebbly shore above the water-line, so sorely beaten and fatigued that
speech or movement was impossible until after a rest of several minutes.

Then Sam asked solicitously:

�How are you feelin�, lad?�

�I�m all right,� Benny replied, panting so heavily that it was only
with the greatest difficulty he could articulate.

�This ain�t the kind of a night when a fellow can lay along the shore
very long without running the risk of freezin� to death. We�d best be
movin� as soon as you can walk.�

�I�m ready now,� and Benny rose to his feet.

�Throw off that cork-jacket; take hold of my hand, and once we�ve
started, keep movin� as long as it�s possible to breathe. We came out
of that smother all right, an� now are bound to get back to the station
in such shape that we�ll be able to do our full share of the work.�

�Will the crew try to do anything more, now that the life-boat is
gone?� Benny asked as he followed at a rapid pace by Sam�s side.

�We�re obliged to do all we can to prevent wreck, an� a dip like this
don�t excuse us from a full share of duty when there�s pressin� need.�

�It would seem different if there was any one aboard the steamer or
lighters.�

�We are called on to save property as well as lives, lad, an� whatever
danger we may have been in, or must face later, don�t count.�

There was no question in Benny�s mind but that the three men had been
taken safely from the hulk, because Sam Hardy declared they would be,
which declaration was the same to him as a fact; therefore he felt no
anxiety until they were within fifty yards of where the lighter lay
stranded upon the sands.

�The boys are still there,� the surfman said as he halted an instant to
peer seaward. �I reckon they�re right comfortable, though, for the surf
doesn�t break over them very badly, and it will soon be possible to
give them a line.�

�Where is Mr. Downey and the others?� Benny asked, gazing around but
without seeing any sign of life upon the shore.

Sam Hardy stopped only sufficiently long to assure himself they were
not in the vicinity, and then replied in a tone of conviction:

�Gone back to the station for the beach-wagon.�

�Perhaps they never got ashore,� Benny added in a whisper of awe.

�Don�t get such an idea as that in your head, lad. I�d answer for it
every one didn�t go under, an� the fact that there are none here is
proof each man answered to his name.�

�What do you suppose they thought had become of us?�

�We didn�t cut any figger in their thoughts, lad. Most likely Downey
knew I jumped aboard the life-boat, an� after that he counted us out
when reckonin� how many was in need of help. We�ll push on, for it�ll
be a hard tug gettin� that cart over these rocks with only half a crew.�

�Are the other lighters adrift?� Benny asked as he followed his comrade
at a smart pace.

�Ay, lad, an� as near as I can make out, two of them are afoul of the
steamer. There�ll be a pretty mess there when the sun rises, an� we�ll
be hauled over the coals for it; but I�ll thank anybody to tell me how
we could have done more than we did.�

At that moment Benny gave little heed to the fate of the stranded
steamer; if the three men could be safely taken from the lighter he
believed there would be cause for rejoicing, even though all hulks
alongshore were dashed to pieces.

Before the two had traversed more than a third of the distance from the
scene of the disaster to the station they came upon the remnant of the
crew dragging the beach-apparatus.

Benny may have thought that the keeper would at least congratulate
them upon their escape, but he did nothing of the kind. Danger was
too frequent a visitor to cause much comment, save at the very moment
of its appearance, and the keeper said quietly, as if they had been
engaged in some ordinary duty:

�Got ashore, eh? Where�s the life-boat?�

�The other side of Jefford�s reef. While the wind holds in this quarter
there�s no fear she�ll drift far, an� we can pick her up in the
mornin�.�

�Take hold here, and let us finish this job as soon as may be, for I
don�t like the idea of leaving the remainder of the coast without a
patrol�; and he added after the wagon was in motion once more, with Sam
and Benny in the rope harness, �Did the other lighters come in?�

�They�re grindin� the steamer into toothpicks. Even if we had all hands
out there in the big boat, it would be impossible to do anything.�

�I know that,� Downey replied impatiently, �an� yet it will seem to
others as if we might have done more. A pretty story we�ve got to tell
about this night�s work! A crew of life savers wrecked in a life-boat!
If we�re not the sport of every man in the Service from this out, I�ll
eat my hat!�

�And yet there�s no man livin� who could have foreseen what happened.
It was the proper thing to send us on board the lighter, an� if her
gear gave way, we�re not to be blamed for it,� Sam replied earnestly,
and Tom Downey remained silent.




CHAPTER XVII.

A LETTER.


When the beach-wagon had been hauled into position, the work of
rescuing the life savers from the lighter was trifling, and the three
were no more than ashore before Keeper Downey cried sharply:

�Now then, let�s get the apparatus home, and the patrol out as soon as
may be. There�s some show of excuse for our not being able to save the
property here; but in case a vessel came ashore while we were foolin�
around with a lot of lighters, and life should be lost, we�d find
ourselves in a bad pickle.�

The keeper was not the only member of the crew who feared that the
night�s misadventure might have some fatal ending. The same thought was
in the mind of every man, and it was not necessary to urge them forward.

Benny welcomed the opportunity to restore the circulation of blood to
his chilled limbs, and pushed with the utmost of his strength at the
tail of the cart by the keeper�s side.

The heavy wagon was dragged over the rocks and through the sand at
a rate of speed which, under other circumstances, might have been
impossible, and when they had nearly arrived at the station Tom Downey
was less apprehensive regarding the possibility of a wreck, for at that
moment they were passing over the highest point of the cliffs, from
which a good view of the ocean could be had.

Save for a few fleecy clouds, the sky was clear, and the twinkling
stars gave out sufficient light to show that not a sail was within
their range of vision.

�I reckon we can count the worst of our work as bein� over for this
night; but there won�t be a very pretty picture alongshore to-morrow
morning,� the keeper said to Benny, and the latter replied with a tone
of thankfulness in his voice:

�Things will look better than you believed at one time, Mr. Downey, for
then it seemed as if you�d be called upon to hunt for the bodies of the
crew among the wreckage.�

�Right you are, my lad, and it�s little less than a sin to grumble
because two or three lighters and a stranded steamer may have been
broken up, when the crew came safely through as tough a place as they
were ever in. It�s a great pity I allowed you to go with us.�

�But I�ve come out of it without any more harm than any of the others,
sir, and it will help me along in learning to be a surfman.�

�You might have got the lesson in an easier fashion, lad. It�s hard
enough for tough men like us to have the clothing frozen to our bodies,
but a boy like you can�t well stand such hardships.�

�But I�m all right, sir,� Benny replied, striving in vain to prevent
his teeth from chattering with the cold. �Leastways, I will be as soon
as we get to the station, and this work with the cart warms a fellow up
wonderfully.�

Downey did not reply until after a long pause, and then he said
emphatically:

�If pluck is necessary in the making of a good surfman, you should be a
rare hand at the business, No. 8, before another year has passed.�

What a welcome it was which Benny received from Fluff when they finally
arrived at the station and the beach-wagon had been hauled into the
boat-house!

The tiny dog capered, and barked, and yelped until it seemed as if he
realized how great had been the danger to which his master was exposed,
and so violently loving were his demonstrations that Benny could not
make any headway at changing his clothing until after having devoted a
certain time to his pet.

Then the dog greeted each of the men in turn, and Joe Cushing said as
he took him almost affectionately in his arms:

�You an� No. 8 make up such a team, small though you are, as I never
had the good fortune to see before.�

[Illustration]

A pot of steaming coffee was on the stove, and the cook spread on the
table such provisions as were most conveniently at hand, in order that
those who were forced to go out on the coast again to do patrol duty
might refresh themselves without waste of time.

Once the men had put on dry clothing it was as if all previous dangers
were forgotten, and Sam Hardy suggested that they man the surf-boat in
order to go in search of the life-boat.

�She�ll pound herself to pieces on the rocks �twixt now an� mornin�,
whereas by a bit of hard work at this time we may save her, an� in so
doin� prevent it from bein� said along the shore that we allowed such a
craft to be wrecked.�

Tom Downey hesitated; he questioned whether he was warranted in risking
human lives to save what might be replaced by an expenditure of
dollars and cents, and perhaps would have turned a deaf ear to Sam�s
suggestion, but that every other member of the crew evinced a strong
desire to make the attempt.

Their record for saving life and property was exceptionally good at the
Department, as every man knew full well, and to get such a black mark
as must be set down against them in case the life-boat should be lost,
was anything rather than pleasing to contemplate.

�I claim that we are not warranted in taking the chances,� Downey said
slowly and thoughtfully; �but if you fellows are so set on it, we�ll
make the try.�

As he spoke Benny began to overhaul the spare oil-skins--the suit he
wore when they set out before having been thrown off when he with Hardy
leaped into the water--, and Downey asked sharply:

�What are you about, lad?�

�There�s another small coat here somewhere,� and Benny hurriedly tossed
over the assortment of waterproof garments.

�Well, and what if there is?�

�Didn�t you say we were to go for the life-boat, sir?�

The crew laughed heartily, as if there was something exceedingly
ludicrous in this question, and Benny looked around in astonishment.

�Do you count on going with us?� Downey asked, as soon as he could
control his mirth sufficiently to speak.

�I thought you would let me, sir, seeing as how I went the first time.�

�Because we were so foolish as to take you then, there is no reason for
committing the same fault again. You are to stay here with the cook and
Fluff C. Foster. Once in a night is enough for you to risk your life
when there�s no especial call for so doing.�

Benny appeared positively pained, and Sam Hardy whispered to him while
the others were making their preparations:

�It wouldn�t be right, lad, for us to take you, even though it might
be convenient, which it isn�t. We�re goin� in the surf-boat, and there
will be snug stowin� when the full crew is aboard. If it was a case
of fair weather an� smooth water you�d have to stay behind, because
we couldn�t pack you in; so look cheerful, an� see to it that we have
plenty of hot coffee on our return.�

This explanation comforted the boy greatly, and he at once set about
doing what he could to assist in the preparations for departure.

Then, after the boat had been launched and the men pulled off on their
perilous work, with Fluff in his arms he stood at the entrance of the
boat-house, watching until the tiny craft was swallowed up in the
darkness, and when it was no longer possible to distinguish any object
upon the heaving waters the lad returned to the mess-room, there to
make ready an appetizing meal for his comrades.

The cook had taken advantage of the opportunity to go to bed
immediately the crew returned with the beach-wagon, and Benny was in
sole command of the kitchen with, as he said, �Fluff acting as mate.�

Not until two hours had elapsed did the life savers return, and then
they brought the life-boat with them, none the worse, so Dick Sawyer
declared, for the pounding she had received upon the rocks.

Benny met them at the door of the boat-house, and, as might have been
expected, was eager to learn whether any serious injury had been
wrought.

As soon as the two boats were housed, and before they entered the
mess-room, Sam Hardy gave an account of the work by saying:

�We found her just inside the broken water near where you an� I went
overboard. It�s likely she�s been flung against the cliff a good many
times; but, so far as we can make out, scratched paint is the only
damage done. It wasn�t a wonderfully easy job to get hold of her, but
once we were there for that purpose you can make certain, No. 8, that
none of us were minded to let any ordinary difficulties put an end to
the work. That�s all there is to the story, and it can be seen that you
didn�t lose anything, except a disagreeable time, by not going with us.�

While Sam was speaking the remainder of the crew had entered the
mess-room, and an exclamation of pleasurable surprise burst from the
lips of all as they saw the meal which Benny had made ready.

�I�ve said before, an� this proves it, that the time ain�t so far off
when No. 8 will be able to pass examination as our cook,� Joe Gushing
exclaimed, and Tom Downey added gravely:

�I hope we can make something better of the lad than that. There�s too
much in Benny for us to tie him down to such work, and, unless I�m
greatly mistaken, he is entitled to look many pegs higher than a job as
surfman.�

Then the wearied crew sat themselves down for a pleasant half-hour,
which would not have been enjoyed had they been forced to depend
wholly upon the man who was paid for preparing their food.

Not until an hour past midnight did Benny go to bed, and next morning
he was down-stairs with the earliest riser of the crew.

The wind had not spent its fury. On the contrary, it was blowing a full
gale, bringing with it a downpour of sleet and snow which would prevent
the wrecking tugs from returning to the scene of the disaster.

As soon as breakfast had been eaten all the men, with the exception
of him whose duty it was to remain on watch, set out to ascertain the
amount of damage done, and, as a matter of course, Benny accompanied
them.

Fluff was given the choice of going with his master or remaining behind
in the warm station, and after poking his pink nose out of doors for a
single moment, he quickly retreated to the kitchen, giving evidence, as
Sam Hardy declared, of �havin� a deal of sound common-sense.�

The situation of affairs in the immediate vicinity of the steamer was
even worse than had been anticipated. All the lighters but one had
crashed into the stranded craft, making havoc of the timbers as they
forced their heavy bows into the hull, and completely destroying what
the waves had previously spared.

Along the shore in every direction were scattered fragments of lighters
and steamer, until every cove which made in between the rocks was piled
high with these evidences of devastation.

�We shan�t be troubled much longer with wrecking crews,� Joe Cushing
said, when they had surveyed the entire shore in the vicinity. �There�s
nothin� to be done to the steamer except freight away such parts of her
as are worth the savin�, and as for the lighters, they will do no more
service unless it be as kindlin� wood.�

�And yet all this might, perhaps, have been avoided if the wreckers had
done their work properly; but since they didn�t, we shall be asked to
explain how it happens we allowed so much property to be destroyed,�
Tom Downey said with a sigh, and Sam Hardy added cheerily:

�If all hands tell the truth, I�m not afraid of an investigation
concernin� last night�s work, for the crew never lived that, unaided,
could have prevented the heavy craft, fitted with rotten windlasses and
apologies for cables, from goin� adrift while the wind was as strong as
when we came out.�

There was nothing the men could do even toward saving the wreckage
nearest the shore while the storm continued so violent, and after an
hour or more had been spent viewing the scene all hands returned to the
station.

It was an idle day, save as concerned the men on watch, and after
dinner, when Benny would have pored over the rules regarding drill,
Tom Downey suggested that he make himself thoroughly familiar with the
official instructions for saving drowning persons, printed for the
benefit of the life-saving men.

During two hours or more No. 8 read and re-read the following lines,
after which Sam Hardy questioned him on the different points until it
was proven to the satisfaction of all that the lad had learned his
lesson thoroughly.

Since it is to the advantage of every boy who ventures into the water
for pleasure to know exactly what should be done when another is in
danger of drowning, Benny�s afternoon lesson is here set down exactly
as he studied it:

�1. When you approach a person drowning in the water, assure him, with
a loud and firm voice, that he is safe.

�2. Before jumping in to save him, divest yourself as far and as
quickly as possible, of all clothes; tear them off if necessary, but
if there is not time, loose at all events the foot of your drawers, if
they are tied, as, if you do not do so, they fill with water and drag
you.

�3. On swimming to a person in the sea, if he be struggling, do not
seize him then, but keep off a few seconds till he gets quiet, for it
is sheer madness to take hold of a man when he is struggling in the
water, and if you do you run a great risk.

�4. Then get close to him and take fast hold of the hair of his head,
turn him as quickly as possible onto his back, give him a sudden pull,
and this will cause him to float, then throw yourself on your back also
and swim for the shore, both hands having hold of his hair, you on your
back and he also on his, and of course his back to your stomach. In
this way you will get sooner and safer ashore than by any other means,
and you can easily thus swim with two or three persons; the writer has
even, as an experiment, done it with four, and gone with them forty or
fifty yards in the sea. One great advantage of this method is that it
enables you to keep your head up, and also to hold the person�s head up
you are trying to save. It is of primary importance that you take fast
hold of the hair and throw both the person and yourself on your backs.
After many experiments, it is usually found preferable to all other
methods. You can in this manner float nearly as long as you please, or
until a boat or other help can be obtained.

�5. It is believed there is no such thing as a death grasp; at least it
is very unusual to witness it. As soon as a drowning man begins to get
feeble and to lose his recollection, he gradually slackens his hold
until he quits it altogether. No apprehension need, therefore, be felt
on that head when attempting to rescue a drowning person.

�6. After a person has sunk to the bottom, if the water be smooth, the
exact position where the body lies may be known by the air-bubbles,
which will occasionally rise to the surface, allowance being of course
made for the motion of the water, if in a tide-way or stream, which
will have carried the bubbles out of a perpendicular course in rising
to the surface. A body may be often regained from the bottom, before
too late for recovery, by diving for it in the direction indicated by
these bubbles.

�7. On rescuing a person by diving to the bottom, the hair of the head
should be seized by one hand only, and the other used in conjunction
with the feet, in raising yourself and the drowning person to the
surface.

�8. If in the sea, it may sometimes be a great error to try to get to
land. If there be a strong �outsetting� tide, and you are swimming
either by yourself, or have hold of a person who cannot swim, then get
on your back and float till help comes. Many a man exhausts himself by
stemming the billows for the shore on a back-going tide, and sinks in
the effort, when, if he had floated, a boat or other aid might have
been obtained.

�9. These instructions apply alike to all circumstances, whether as
regards the roughest sea or smooth water.�

When night came it was what sailors call a �dirty� one, and Sam Hardy
announced that Benny would not be allowed to go on patrol.

�You know we made the agreement, lad, that you might share my watch
with me except when the weather was too bad, and that�s what I allow
it to be now. There�s no good reason why a boy of your years an� size
should tramp up an� down this coast for four hours when nothin� more is
to come of it than the toughenin� of him. Stay under cover with Fluff,
an� if it be so we�re called on for work, you shall take your proper
station as No. 8 of this �ere crew.�

Benny did his best, and succeeded fairly well, in keeping from his face
the disappointment which came over him at thus being, for the first
time, deprived of the opportunity to share in his comrade�s tasks.

He went to bed while Sam was yet on patrol, and nothing disturbed his
slumbers until next morning when the cook set about preparing breakfast.

The report from those who had been on duty was to the effect that
no vessels had been sighted during the night, and that the stranded
steamer had been breaking up rapidly during the past twelve hours.

The sky was yet cloudy, but the snow and sleet had ceased to fall, and
the wind showed signs of abating.

Before breakfast was ready the wrecking tugs appeared off shore, and
two hours later some of their crews visited the station.

Keeper Downey wrote out his report, and when that was done the work of
the life savers, so far as the steamer and lighters were concerned, had
come to an end, except as it might be possible later to pick up such
wreckage as should drift ashore.

Then the crew settled down to the dull routine of pleasant-weather
work, occupying the greater portion of the time in drilling and
patrolling the coast.

Benny could give a very good synopsis of, and in many cases repeat
verbatim, every chapter in the _Revised Regulations_. Each of the crew
in turn had taught Fluff C. Foster a new trick, until his head was so
stored with knowledge of this kind that a full hour was required in
which to display all his accomplishments, and Joe Cushing had begun to
lay his plans for the day when he and No. 8 were to visit the city clad
in full uniform.

Then came a letter which disturbed all this serenity, and plunged the
inmates of the station into a most painful state of perplexity and
apprehension.

An ordinary-looking envelope covered the missive, such an one as
might have brought an account of the simplest business transaction,
and yet it threatened to change the whole course of affairs for this
particular life-saving crew.

It was addressed simply to the keeper of the station, and bore the
post-mark of a town in the interior of New York State.

[Illustration]

Tom Downey opened it carelessly, read the lines hurriedly at first, and
then more slowly, as if he found it difficult to understand the meaning.

He sat with his gaze fixed upon the page so long that Sam Hardy, who
had been questioning Benny regarding the proper method of landing in a
small boat through the surf, asked curiously:

�What�s gone wrong? You look as if there was bad news in that letter.�

�And at first glance it strikes me it _is_ bad news,� the keeper
replied. �I was tryin� to make up my mind whether it would be well to
let all hands know what may come to us, or if anything would be gained
by keepin� it a secret for a spell.�

�If it�s bad news, the sooner we know it the better, accordin� to my
way of thinkin�,� Joe Cushing said promptly; and this remark decided
Tom Downey, for without further hesitation he read the following aloud:

��MY DEAR SIR:

��I see by the newspapers that the ship _Amazonia_ was wrecked near
your station, and the sole survivor was a boy ten or twelve years of
age, who gave his name as Benjamin H. Foster, stating that his father
and mother had died in Calcutta.

��I have every reason to believe that boy to be my brother�s son, in
which case it shall be my duty to care for him.

��Will you kindly ask him his father�s name? If it should have been
�Stephen G.,� then you may draw on me for sufficient money to pay young
Benny�s passage to this place, and for so much additional as he may be
indebted to you for board and other necessaries of life.

    ��Very respectfully yours,
        ��ANDREW FOSTER.��

For fully a moment after Mr. Downey ceased reading no one spoke, and
the silence was so profound that Fluff looked anxiously from one to the
other as if fearing some disaster had befallen the crew.

Then it was Sam Hardy who spoke, and he found it necessary to clear his
throat several times before it was possible to control his voice.

�What was your father�s name, Benny?�

�It was Stephen G., but I don�t believe the man who wrote that letter
is my uncle, because if he is, why didn�t I know something about him?
Or, when father and mother were so sick, why didn�t he write to them?�

�Of course that�s a question we can�t answer, lad. It may be your folks
didn�t send him word, or, perhaps the letters went astray. There are a
dozen good reasons which might be found, and it ain�t likely he�d be
claimin� a boy he never saw if there wasn�t any relationship between
�em.�

�I hung �round Calcutta long enough for him to claim me if he�d wanted
to, an� surely he must have known father was dead, �cause I�ve heard
mother say it was reported among the shippin� news in all the American
papers.�

�You don�t seem to be very much pleased at the idea of havin� an uncle
up in �York State?� Sam Hardy said, speaking a trifle more cheerfully
than before, and Benny cried excitedly:

�Pleased! Of course I ain�t! He can�t be much of an uncle, else he
would have helped father an� mother along when they needed it. He can
write a dozen letters before I�ll go anywhere to live off of people
that ain�t wantin� me very bad, else I�d have heard from �em long ago.�

�This ain�t a matter to be settled off-hand, Benny,� Keeper Downey said
gravely. �If the man who wrote this letter is your uncle, and it seems
he is, I�m not certain but that he could force you by law to go with
him. At all events, it�s his duty to give you some help in the world,
and we must look at the matter from all sides before deciding.�

�If you�d rather I wouldn�t stay here, Mr. Downey, Fluff an� me will go
off somewhere else; but we won�t take up with his offer.�

�Now look here, Benny,� and Sam Hardy, reaching over, took the boy by
the hand. �There�s no question about our wantin� you to stay here,
for we�ve come to look on you as belongin� to us, an� I�ll venture to
say I�m speakin� now what�s in the heart of every man here. We like
you because you�re a sensible mate, an industrious lad, an� one�s
who�s doin� his level best to get into a hard callin�. If we thought
only of ourselves that letter would go into the fire before you could
say �Jack Robinson.� It�s your future that must be considered. By
stayin� here you�ll never be more �n a surfman, an� a lad of your age
should aim higher than that, whether he reaches the mark set or not.
I ain�t lookin� down upon the business I�ve followed all my life, an�
I�ll always uphold that it�s an honor to any man to be a member of
a life-saving crew; but at the same time I know, an� you know, that
it�s possible for a lad to go a good bit higher. What�s decided on now
affects your whole life, an� settles whether you�re to stay in the
life-saving service, or, perhaps, be a shinin� light in the world. I
vote that all hands of us study over this thing till to-morrow after
breakfast, and then let each one, includin� Benny, give the result of
his figgerin.��

�That�s the proper way,� Tom Downey said quickly, catching eagerly at
the suggestion. �You�ll remember all Sam Hardy has said, Benny, for
it�s true, so far as regards yourself an� us. We want you with us; but
I hope there�s nobody in this crew who would be willing to keep you at
the expense of your future. Think it all over calmly and quietly, lad,
as Sam proposes, an� you can count on this crew doin� their level best
for whatever may be to your future good.�




CHAPTER XVIII.

A CONSULTATION.


Benny was in a state of mind bordering on despair when the crew
postponed any decided action on the letter from this uncle of whom
he had never heard before. For the moment it seemed as if almost any
decision would have been better than the suspense.

It appeared as if his comrades avoided even so much as looking toward
him, and this gave him a sense of loneliness such as had come into his
heart when he found himself amid strangers, the only survivor of the
_Amazonia_.

As a matter of fact there was not a member of the crew but that would
have enjoyed taking the lad in his arms and declaring that he should
never leave the station, no matter how many uncles might send for him;
but every man understood the question was too important to be decided
hastily, and also that it would be cruel, perhaps, to speak such words
as might influence the boy.

Benny waited a moment or more, hoping Sam Hardy might give him some
consolation; but as the surfman remained silent with averted face,
the sore-hearted lad, gathering Fluff in his arms, went out upon the
wind-swept rocks to struggle as best he might with the great grief
which had so suddenly come upon him.

Seating himself within view of the reef upon which the _Amazonia_ had
gone to pieces, and covering Fluff with his coat as best he might, the
lad gave himself up to reflection--not as to what was best for him to
do regarding the matter of going to his uncle; but concerning the cruel
tricks which fortune seemed to be playing him.

�I know neither mother nor Mrs. Clark would want us to go off to that
old man who never cared for us a cent�s worth till he saw the news of
the shipwreck in the papers, and it�s horrible for him to interfere
just when we�d got into such a nice place!�

The dog licked his master�s face, and interpreting this as meaning
Fluff fully agreed with him, Benny continued mournfully:

�We won�t go, Fluffy, and that�s all there is to it. If the crew say we
can�t stay here because that man claims the right to order us �round,
we�ll run off somewhere by our own two selves, an� see if it won�t be
possible to make another home. But we�ll never find such a pleasant
place as this, no matter how much good luck we have! It seemed as if
the men liked us, an� after there�d been time to grow, we�d come out as
regular surfmen.�

The dog whined because he was cold, but Benny fully believed it to be
in reply.

�Of course you�re sorry, Fluff! Anybody�d be; an� what _is_ to become
of us? You�ve got a collar and a medal, and there�s my two suits of
clothes; but we�ll need some place to sleep in the very first night of
leaving here, and where�ll we find it? The money the passengers gave us
is in the bank, and I suppose Andrew Foster will think it belongs to
him, so we can�t count on that.�

Fluff twisted and squirmed until he escaped from his master�s arms, for
the embrace was much too close to please him, and as he capered and
danced, begging to be taken back to the station Benny�s grief increased:

�I know you want to stay here, Fluffy; but how can I fix things? It�s
going to be terrible hard on you to go where folks won�t want you in
the house �cause you�re a dog, an� we can�t be together much of the
time. Oh, what shall we do, you poor little man!�

Believing himself hidden from view of the life savers, the lad gave way
to the grief in his heart, and, lying face downward upon the rocks, he
allowed the tears to flow unchecked.

It was Sam Hardy who, missing Benny from the station, had come out
fearing to find him in much such a frame of mind.

During two or three minutes the kindly-hearted surfman stood over him
in silence, while Fluff remained near by wagging his tail as if asking
what had gone wrong so suddenly, and then, bending over, Sam Hardy
lifted the sorrowing boy in his arms.

�Look you, lad, it�s wrong to get all down to the heel in this fashion
when a question comes up which is to be settled as nearly for your good
as we can figger it out. A life-savin� station ain�t the kind of a home
which is needed by a boy of your age.�

�It�s the only kind I want!� Benny sobbed. �Fluffy an� I�ll never find
another so good!�

�That�s what you believe now, No. 8; but----�

�Why do you call me No. 8? If I�m to be sent away from here it shows I
never was one of the crew!�

�But you have been, an� always will be, Benny, lad. Even if you go away
we shall never speak or think of you except as �No. 8,� the gritty
little mate who brought something like sunshine into the dull station,
and kept the gleam there every minute he stayed with us.�

�Don�t talk like that, Mr. Hardy, _please_ don�t talk like that! When
you say you�re sorry, and yet keep on talking as if it was settled that
I�d got to go, it breaks me all up!�

�Poor little chicken, it strikes me you�re badly broken up already!�
And Sam stroked the boy�s hair with his huge, rough hand, while Fluff
crept under the life saver�s arm as if asking that he be given due
share of the caresses. �If we of the crew did only that which pleased
us best, you�d never have a show for leavin�; but, as Tom Downey says,
we�re bound to think only of what may be for your good, an� in making
up our minds it is with the hope we�ll go right for your sake.�

�That man, Andrew Foster, don�t care about Fluffy an� me, �cause he
never so much as saw us!�

�That same thought has been in my mind, Benny, lad, an� Joe Cushing
has been makin� similar talk. If we were certain he�d care for you as
we do, the matter would be settled, for it stands to reason you should
have a different home than this. But I don�t like the way his letter
reads, nor do the rest of the boys; so you see, lad, the question ain�t
settled by a long chalk yet.�

�Please try to make the men want to keep me! Please try, Mr. Hardy.�

�Bless your heart, No. 8, there�s no need of my tryin� to do anything
of the kind. The only trouble is we�re so eager for you to stay
that we�re afraid of ourselves--afraid we sha�n�t be actin� square
by you. Here�s Tom Downey been sayin� that he�d be willin� to give
up ten dollars a month out of his pay for so long a time as he is in
the service, for the sake of havin� you �round, an� Dick Sawyer is
threatenin� all sorts of terrible things against your uncle because he
wrote the letter. We want you, lad, as badly as you want to be with us,
an� that�s what�s makin� it so hard to settle the matter.�

Benny twined his arms around the surfman�s neck, and the latter,
lifting him as tenderly as he would an infant, carried him back to
the station, Fluff following close at his heels, barking with delight
because they had finally decided to go in out of the cold wind.

Now it was that Benny�s grief became more intense; this time because
of the unusual tenderness and attention shown by every member of the
crew. Each man appeared as if striving to show the boy some particular
attention as proof of the esteem in which he was held, and try as he
might, No. 8 could not hold back the tears of mingled pleasure and
sorrow.

During the remainder of the day each member of the crew went around
softly, hardly speaking above a whisper, as one does when in the
presence of some great affliction, and the cook positively forbade
Benny�s going into the kitchen for the purpose of assisting in the work.

[Illustration]

�It seems as if I was going right off in the morning,� No. 8 said
confidently to Sam Hardy, his voice breaking now and then because of
the sobs. �But suppose it is decided that I must leave, will I have to
start right off?�

�Why, bless you, lad, there�d be no call for anything like that.
Writing to your uncle an� getting an answer back will take a week at
the best, and then we shall try to--Well, there, No. 8, what�s the
sense of our talkin� about your goin� away? When it comes right down to
the fact, I ain�t sure as I could say that you�d best go to this Andrew
Foster, even though I might know it was for your good. Let�s put master
Fluff through his lessons, and see if we can�t work something like
cheerfulness into this crew, for it�s gettin� to be as solemn a time as
I ever took part in.�

Fluff was ready and even eager to do what he might to dispel the gloom,
although it is not to be supposed that he had such an idea in his white
head when he obeyed the surfman�s command to �sit up and smoke his
pipe.�

During the evening the men, and with them Benny, grew more cheerful.
Now and then one would speak of what No. 8 must do as soon as the warm
weather came, as if the matter was already settled that the lad should
remain.

The cook exerted himself to prepare a most appetizing supper, and it
was served half an hour earlier than usual so that all hands, save the
lookout on the hill, might be present. The men told stories and made
jokes during the meal as if the sole object was to prevent their own
and No. 8�s thoughts from roaming into the future.

Yet after all these efforts it was impossible to impart a thorough
air of gayety to the scene, and it was with something like a sense of
relief that the crew heard the hoof-beats of a horse over the stone
road, telling that a visitor was near at hand.

Dick Sawyer opened the door to welcome this opportune arrival, and as
he peered out into the twilight an exclamation of glad surprise burst
from his lips.

�Why, it�s Mr. Bradford! Most likely he�s come to see how the new
uniform fits, an� accordin� to my way of thinkin�, he couldn�t have
appeared in a better time, for now we�ll be able to get a bit of advice
on a difficult question from one who is interested in the case.�

The gentleman whose coming was thus announced must have been surprised
by the warmth with which he was received. The members of the crew
greeted him as an old friend, and each appeared eager to engage him in
conversation.

Benny, holding Fluff in his arms, stood in the background, waiting
until his comrades had come to an end of their words of welcome, and,
catching a glimpse of him, Mr. Bradford made his way toward that
portion of the room, in total disregard of the fact that Dick Sawyer
was doing his best to explain how an unusually large bag of ducks might
be taken in a certain cove not far from the building.

�Why, my boy, you�re lookin� as solemn as an owl, and even young Mr.
Fluff isn�t as cheerful as when I saw him last! What�s the matter?
Didn�t the uniform fit?�

�Oh, yes, sir, and it�s beautiful--beautiful; and I sha�n�t be able to
wear it because I�ve got to go away.�

Then a particularly big sob came into Benny�s throat, and he found it
impossible to speak further.

�Go away?� Mr. Bradford repeated in surprise, and turning to the others
he asked, �What does the lad mean?�

It was proper Tom Downey should act as spokesman, and, recognizing this
fact, he began the necessary explanations by handing the visitor the
letter which had caused so much sorrow at the station.

�Take off your overcoat, and make yourself comfortable here by the
table while you read this; then you�ll know what Benny means. But
he goes a little too far when he says he�s _got_ to leave, for we
haven�t settled the question yet, and since you�re here, if the rest
of the crew are willing, I go in for leavin� it to you. We want him to
stay; yet are afraid of doin� what mightn�t be to his best interests,
therefore it puts us in a bad fix, so far as makin� up our minds is
concerned.�

Mr. Bradford looked thoroughly mystified, as he had good cause for
being, but he did as the speaker had suggested, in the way of making
himself comfortable, and then read the letter from Mr. Andrew Foster,
studying it so long that Benny began to fear perhaps he did not wish to
venture an opinion on the subject.

Meanwhile the life savers seated themselves around him, each man
looking inquiringly, eagerly, at the one whom they had thus suddenly
decided should be the judge.

Finally Mr. Bradford looked up from the paper toward Benny and asked:

�When did you hear from your uncle--before this, I mean?�

�I never knew there was such a man, and wish he�d kept his letters to
himself.�

�Was your mother sick long before she died?�

�Only two weeks, sir.�

�And didn�t she mention the name of Andrew Foster--never speak of your
Uncle Andrew?�

�I don�t think so, sir; I am sure she never said very much about him,
and I can�t remember ever having heard his name.�

�Not a very affectionate letter, eh, Downey?� and Mr. Bradford held out
the missive as if thinking the keeper might like to see it again before
replying.

�That�s the way it struck all hands of us, and is one thing which has
caused us to think perhaps it would be as well for Benny to stay here.�

�You want to keep him?�

�Yes, Mr. Bradford; we would like to have him and Fluff stay, if it so
be the lad wouldn�t be injurin� his prospects in life. We�ve come to
look upon him as belongin� to us in a sort of way. Perhaps you can�t
understand it; but we who live here alone, tied down to the station day
and night, get kind of peculiar, I reckon. You see, we�re mostly by
ourselves all winter, and run into whims an� fancies more than other
men. The sea brought the boy to us, so to speak, and, even though he�s
where he can hear it, I must say a better lad never lived--leastways,
so far as my experience goes. Here�s the whole hitch: we can�t hope
to make more than a surfman out of him, and it may be the good Lord
has fitted him for something better, though he couldn�t follow a more
honest callin�. Now if this uncle of his would send him to college, and
start him out into the world as many a boy is started, we�d put aside
our own feelin�s, knowin� No. 8 was to be benefited; but if he�s goin�
�way up there in the middle of York State to do the drudgery of a farm,
or some such kind of work, why, then, unless it�s contrary to law, we�d
hold him here in spite of his uncle.�

�Have you answered this letter?�

�No, sir. You see, it didn�t get here till a few hours ago, an� we had
agreed not to make up our minds before to-morrow mornin�.�

�Don�t you think it would be a good idea to find out who Mr. Andrew
Foster is, and whether he�s likely to give the boy a good home?�

�It would, for a fact, sir; but how might that be done? We are not
allowed to leave the station for a longer time than twenty-four hours,
and then only one of the crew can have a furlough.�

�There are many easier methods of learning all the public may know
concerning a man than to send a messenger in search of the knowledge.
Suppose you authorize me to make the necessary inquiries--it won�t
cost you anything,--and in the course of perhaps a week I shall be
able to tell you as much regarding Benny�s uncle as his neighbors can.
I suppose, as a matter of fact, that by applying to the courts he may
have himself appointed guardian for the lad and take him away; but I
question whether an uncle who wasn�t spoken of in terms of affection by
the boy�s father and mother would take such trouble.�

�It�s no use talkin�, we ain�t fit to settle any kind of a discussion,�
Sam Hardy exclaimed emphatically. �Here we�ve been moonin� �round
tryin� to make up our minds whether Benny should go or not, an� never
once thinkin� of what would have come into another man�s mind at the
jump. Of course we want to know who Andrew Foster is, and what he�s
likely to do for Benny? Then it�s only a question of sayin� who will
give the boy the best start in the world.�

�An� you�ll look after this matter for us, Mr. Bradford?� Tom Downey
asked, an expression of relief coming over his face.

�Certainly I will, and be glad of the opportunity of doing a favor for
No. 8. Cheer up, my lad,� he added turning toward Benny who, as the
conversation progressed, had been gradually drawing nearer the friendly
visitor. �You�re a long ways from leaving this crew yet, and I�ll be
surprised if the matter comes out differently from what you wish. With
all hands of us to consider which may be the best move, there shouldn�t
remain any chance for mistake. Choke back those sobs; go up and put
your uniform on, and let me see how you and Fluff C. Foster look on
parade.�

It was really astonishing what a change Mr. Bradford had wrought by a
few commonplace words.

The expression of gloom disappeared from all the faces, and the men
whose time for going on patrol had arrived set about making ready for
the duty with the greatest alacrity.

Benny ran up-stairs, eager to do as this kindly friend suggested, and
in an instant, as it were, something very like joy reigned where lately
all had been mourning.

No. 8 displayed himself in all his finery; Fluff performed his tricks
in the most approved fashion; the keeper and the surfmen told stories
which were not all concerning wrecks and loss of life; the cook made a
lobster salad as his portion of the merrymaking, and the evening which
had bade fair to be such a gloomy one, was, as all declared, the most
enjoyable that had been spent in the station for many a month.

Then, promising to report by telephone whenever he should have gained
any information, the visitor took his departure, and it was time for
Sam Hardy and No. 8 to do their share of patrol work.

�Come, lad,� the surfman said cheerily. �I had counted on your stayin�
under cover to-night; but seein� �s how you�re likely to hold on here,
for I believe Mr. Bradford will fix things accordin� to our likin�, you
may just as well continue to toughen up.�

Then the two went out into the night, and it would be difficult to say
which carried the lighter heart in his bosom.




CHAPTER XIX.

THE DECISION.


Although Mr. Bradford�s advice and willingness to take charge of
Benny�s business had given great relief of mind to all concerned, the
fears of the crew concerning the future were by no means dispelled.

When the gentleman had stated so positively that several weeks must
necessarily elapse before the question could properly be settled, even
Benny felt as if a great load of care had suddenly been removed; but on
the following morning, after the men had had time to view the matter
from every point, there appeared much in it which was not pleasing.

�It�s just like this,� Sam Hardy said to Joe Cushing when the two met
behind the engine-house for a private conversation on the morning
following Mr. Bradford�s visit. �It�s just like this: If Andrew Foster
turns out to be some crusty old curmudgeon who�s bound to have his own
way, he�ll insist on Benny�s goin� to him the very minute he finds out
we want to keep the lad, therefore it stands us in hand to keep mighty
quiet as to our wishes.�

�Well, supposin� he does claim the lad?� Joe Cushing replied hotly.
�I�ve thought this thing over a good bit since Mr. Bradford left, an�
have made up my mind that, so far as I�m concerned, No. 8 is at liberty
to stay with us if he says the word. What�s the reason he won�t make as
much of a man while stoppin� here as if he was in York State? I go in
for tellin� Andrew Foster that we haven�t got the time to run around
huntin� up his relations; but we count on keepin� the boy who was given
to us by the sea.�

�The rest of the crew wouldn�t agree to anything quite so strong as
that,� Hardy suggested thoughtfully.

�What�s the reason they wouldn�t? Dick Sawyer, Henry Robbins, and
Henderson said not half an hour ago that they�d back me in holdin� on
to the lad, never mind how many uncles flashed up.�

�What about Downey?�

�He wants to keep Benny with us, an� would come out strong except that
he�s afraid it will work the boy some harm in the future.�

�Was that why you wanted me to come out here?�

�Yes; I counted that you�d agree with us, an� we might settle the
question without waitin� for what Mr. Bradford may pick up in the way
of information.�

�I reckon it�ll be wiser to wait, Joe. There�s plenty of time to take a
bold stand after we know whether Andrew Foster really wants the boy, or
if he�s sayin� so simply because he thinks folks will make queer talk
if he don�t.�

Joe Cushing was by no means satisfied to follow this advice; but
he could not persuade Sam Hardy to do as he had proposed, and the
interview came to an end.

During the week which ensued the members of the crew talked often,
one with another but not in a body, regarding what should be done in
case Benny�s uncle demanded that the boy come to him, and the general
opinion appeared to be that the decision ought by right to be left to
No. 8 himself.

As a matter of course no one suggested such an idea to Benny. He was
given to understand that everything depended upon the information
procured by Mr. Bradford, and a most anxious time it was to him.

More than once he referred to the matter when alone with Sam Hardy, but
the surfman refused to discuss it, and only to Fluff could he pour out
all that was in his heart. That he would run away rather than go to
this uncle, who had written concerning him as if he was no more than
a bale of merchandise, he told Fluff again and again, and in order to
be prepared for such a move, Benny questioned the cook concerning the
surrounding country, until the latter believed it his duty to inform
the keeper.

�The lad is makin� ready to give us the slip if it turns out that the
crew believe he should leave,� the �captain of the kitchen� said to Tom
Downey. �From what I�ve seen of him there�s no doubt in my mind but
that he�ll do it rather than go to this uncle of whom he never heard
before.�

Because of the fear that Benny might be tempted to do something
desperate in case the information Mr. Bradford received was of such a
nature as warranted a careful consideration of Andrew Foster�s claim,
it was decided that the lad be kept in ignorance regarding what the
gentleman might succeed in learning until the crew could weigh the
matter well in joint discussion.

It so chanced, however, that Benny himself was the first to hear from
Mr. Bradford, and the crew were thwarted in their good intentions by
that piece of mechanism known as the telephone.

The boy was alone in the station on the fifth day after Andrew Foster�s
letter was received, and, hearing the bell ring, answered the call.

�Hello!� he cried, replying as he had often heard Mr. Downey, and
then, placing the receiver to his ear, he awaited the message.

�Is this the Life-Saving Station?�

�Yes, sir.�

�Who�s at the �phone?�

�It�s me--Benny Foster.�

�Hello, Benny, how is young Foster? It is Bradford who is speaking.�

�Fluffy is very well, thank you. All the crew, and even the cook, are
outside, sir. Shall I call any one?�

�Perhaps it will be as well if I speak with you first, and then we�ll
have a word with the keeper. Heard anything from your uncle?�

�No, sir, and I hope I sha�n�t. Say, Mr. Bradford, would you go to
him if you were in my place and had such a good home as this, where
Fluffy can do almost whatever he wants to? You know some folks think a
dog ain�t nice to come into the house, and I don�t know what the poor
little man would do if he was sent into the shed or a barn to sleep.�

�So you�re having it very comfortable out there, eh?�

�Indeed we are, Mr. Bradford. Maje has got through bothering Fluff, and
the men are as kind to me as if we was own folks. I�d feel awful bad to
go away; but that�s what I�ll have to do if Andrew Foster says I must
live with him.�

�Ain�t thinking of running off are you, Benny?�

�That�s just what Fluff and I have made up our minds to do, sir, though
I wouldn�t like for you to tell Mr. Downey. We�ll never go off with
folks we don�t know.�

�Your uncle might give you a much better home than you have now, Benny.�

�He couldn�t do it, sir. No one would ever be as good to me as are the
members of this crew, and, what�s better than all the rest, I can earn
my own way here--everybody says I do.�

�Then you�ve quite made up your mind not to leave the station?�

�Oh, sir; I�ll have to leave if the men decide that I must, but neither
Fluff nor I will go to Andrew Foster.�

�Then where do you count on going?�

�That�s what we don�t know, sir. I was coming in first to ask you where
we might find a place to work for enough to pay our way.�

�Would you like to hear what your uncle has to say regarding the
matter?�

�It won�t make any difference to us, sir; we won�t go to him.�

�What I mean is, would you like to hear the letter read which I have
just received from him?�

�Does he say I�ve got to go where he lives?�

�Listen while I read, bearing in mind that I wrote the day after
leaving the station, explaining how you were situated, and asking if he
believed it was best to take you from those who were willing to assume
all charge. The letter has just been received, and you shall hear it:
�I am in receipt of your favor of the 4th, and it pleases me to learn
that my nephew, for I have no doubt as to his being my brother�s son,
has found such good friends. I am not really in a position to give a
young boy that care which he should have, and would never have written
asking that he be sent on, but that I deemed it my duty. I am an old
man, living alone with servants, and of such a disposition that even
my only brother could not agree with me. If the boy is comfortable
and happy, and I can be assured the life savers will give him proper
care, he shall receive from me the sum of two hundred dollars each
year in quarterly payments, dependent only upon his writing me a
truthful account of his situation at least once every twelve months,
but not oftener. In case you are willing to burden yourself with the
transaction of the business, I shall be glad to leave everything in
your hands, agreeing to do in the premises whatever you may believe to
be right, providing I am not called upon for more than I have stated
herein.� That is the letter, Benny, exactly as he wrote it, and I have
read every word.�

No. 8 stood with the receiver pressed tightly to his ear, a look of
perplexity on his face, and after a long pause asked hesitatingly:

�Didn�t he say anything more, sir?�

�I can�t see but that he has covered the subject fully, my boy.�

�But does he still think I must go where he lives?�

Benny could hear Mr. Bradford laughing, and he wondered why the
gentleman should have thought there was anything comical in a question
so important to him.

�Are any of the crew within call?� Mr. Bradford asked at length.

�I think Mr. Hardy is in the oil-room, sir.�

�Tell him I am at the �phone.�

Sam was coming toward the station when Benny opened the door, and
on being told who desired to speak with him, he hurried forward, an
expression of anxiety appearing on his face.

There was a decided change in his countenance five minutes later, and
then he dropped the receiver very suddenly to grasp Benny�s hands.

�It�s all right, No. 8! The whole matter is settled in great shape, an�
I�m beginnin� to think Andrew Foster is a decent sort of an old fogy
after all.�

�Am I to stay here?� Benny cried, trembling violently because of the
prolonged suspense.

�That�s exactly what you are to do, my boy, and your uncle will pay two
hundred dollars a year towards puttin� you through school in proper
shape.�

�I don�t want him to pay us anything so long as we can stay here,�
Benny replied quickly, tears of joy and relief welling up in his eyes.

�But it�s right he should do it, No. 8, an� it shows that he�s got a
decent heart, even though it may be moss-grown. Now you are one of us,
an� it�ll be strange if seven able-bodied men can�t provide one little
lad with food, lodgin�, an� schoolin�, particularly since he earns a
good deal more�n he costs.�

Then Sam ran to the door, shouting for the members of the crew at the
full strength of his lungs, and in a few moments all were gathered,
waiting to learn the reason for the sudden summons.

It was a difficult matter for the surfman to tell the story
intelligibly; but after a time he succeeded in making his comrades
understand that there was no longer any cause to fear that No. 8 might
be taken from them, and then ensued such a merrymaking as, perhaps, no
life-saving station has ever witnessed.

The men congratulated each other, then Benny, and, finally, Fluff, who
had been sitting up begging for information--or sugar; and when this
had been done, went through the same ceremony again and again, until
Tom Downey declared that such �crazy antics must come to an end,� lest
some visitor should suddenly appear and think the crew had gone mad.

Nor were they wholly quieted down when Mr. Bradford arrived early in
the evening, and then the reading of Andrew Foster�s letter aroused
them to yet more noisy hilarity.

Amid all the confusion Benny was strangely quiet. He held Fluff pressed
tightly in his arms, and gazed first at one and then the other in such
a serious fashion that Mr. Bradford finally asked:

�What is it, Benny? You don�t seem to be as happy as I had expected?�

�Happy, Mr. Bradford! Fluffy and I are so happy that we don�t dare to
make much noise for fear we�ll wake up and find it�s all been a dream.
No dog and boy in this world ever had it so nice as Fluffy an� I, and
it makes us almost frightened for fear we shan�t do enough to keep the
crew glad all the time �cause we�re here.�

�We�re not afraid that you won�t do enough, No. 8,� Tom Downey said
gravely. �The greatest trouble is that you may try to do too much. We
are the ones who should fear lest we fail in giving you all the chances
other boys enjoy. We count on seein� that you have a good education,
and then if it so happens that you believe the life-saving service is
good enough for you, we�ll be satisfied; but we�re countin� on your
makin� such a mark in the world as will puff us all up with pride.�

Benny made no attempt to reply; he did not dare trust his voice, and at
such a time tears would have shamed him; but he put Fluff on the floor,
ordering him to �stand up,� and the two remained erect for several
seconds, silently giving thanks for the great kindness and loving
tenderness displayed toward these homeless ones.

       *       *       *       *       *

It would be a pleasing task to depict Benny as he advances through
life, winning the praise and admiration of those around him for the
sterling qualities displayed; but as yet he has not made very much
progress in carving for himself a name.

He is now at school, and Fluff remains at the station, happy all the
time, but particularly so from Friday night until Monday morning, when
his young master �comes home� to the station.

No. 8�s teachers report that he is a studious, well-behaved boy, and
both Sam Hardy and Joe Cushing declare whenever the subject is brought
up, that if he so desires, Benny shall �get all the schoolin� that�s to
be had for money.�

Yes, he received the medal of honor for life-saving, when his
successful work on the night the crew were taken from the stranded
steamer had been properly represented at headquarters, and every Sunday
he and Fluff wear their decorations, much to the satisfaction of their
guardians, the men of the Life-Saving Service.

  DECK-PLAN OF A SELF-RIGHTING LIFE-BOAT, SHOWING THE MANNER IN
    WHICH THE GEAR IS STOWED.

[Illustration: _Boat and Gear._]

_List of Articles Shown._

   1. Anchor.
   2. Cable.
   3. Bow heaving-line or grapnel-rope and grapnel.
   4. Drogue-rope.
   5. Stern heaving-line.
   6. Veering lines.
   7. Veering lines.
   8. Jib outhaul or tack.
   9. Mizzen-sheets.
  10. Drogue.
  11. Life-buoy.
  12. Loaded cane, heaving-line, and tub.
  13. Tailed block.
  14. Pump-well hatch.
  15. Deck ventilating hatches.
  16. Deck ventilating hatches.
  17. Foot-boards for rowers.
  18. Side air-cases.
  19. Relieving tubes and valves.
  20. Samson�s post.
  21. Thwarts.
  22. Central batten, to which the masts and 